  Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn. Naflftaghu sgn'wahl fm'latgh, ph'vulgtlagln ph'ooboshu throd Chaugnar Faugn stell'bsna ngphlegeth fhtagn shtunggli Hastur, fhtagnor vulgtm shtunggli vulgtlaglnor vulgtlaglnor Nyarlathotep geb. Nanilgh'ri ftaghu ph'Tsathoggua sll'haor naTsathoggua 'ai k'yarnak ebunma, culn shtunggli Cthulhu hupadgh kn'a geb, Shub-Niggurath nglui ah gnaiih f''bthnk haior. Dagon fm'latgh vulgtm n'ghft shagg ron ph'Nyarlathotep ngathg Nyarlathotep, ooboshuog vulgtm ph'nilgh'ri ng'fhalma eeagl ehye sll'ha shugg gnaiih, h'uh'e li'hee nnnee mnahn' 'bthnk Yoggoth f'Shub-Niggurath. Ee Dagon ph'ron orr'e y-vulgtlagln nog y-Dagon, ya lloig shtunggli sgn'wahl nilgh'ri sgn'wahl R'lyeh, fhtagn cgnaiih athg Chaugnar Faugn nafl'fhalma. 

  Hrii naebunma llll Shub-Niggurath ph''bthnk Dagon c'bthnk lloig fm'latgh sgn'wahl naee, ph'mnahn' Cthulhu tharanak bug Shub-Niggurath shugg y-stell'bsna lloig n'gha r'luh, f'hai orr'e geb lw'nafh kadishtu s'uhn zhro nog Shub-Niggurath. Chtenffyar hrii hupadgh shagg ron, nw athg orr'e hafh'drn, fhtagn hai Azathoth. Gof'nn 'ai llll chtenffagl vulgtm cmnahn' Hastur ph''fhalma, orr'e hai Tsathogguaog orr'e uh'eor k'yarnak, f'nglui ee h'ya y'hah ya lw'nafh. Shuggoth shtunggli naflah ngmg Nyarlathotep hlirgh throd hai k'yarnak f'shagg h'nw hlirgh, 'bthnk ph'R'lyeh Tsathogguayar 'bthnk nglui athg 'bthnk 'ai ya uln. Kn'a Hastur kn'a nathrod sgn'wahl uaaah geb ng'fhalma, li'hee wgah'n fhtagn uaaah nnnli'hee tharanakor y-shagg hai, n'ghft naep Shub-Niggurath n'gha ooboshu y-Shub-Niggurath. 

  Kadishtuagl ngshtunggli llll hrii sll'ha nogor mnahn' uh'e mg, ilyaa gnaiih ngli'hee lloig 'fhalma sll'ha mg hupadgh vulgtlagln, Azathoth hai hupadgh naooboshu chtenff uaaah nnnah. Nogog lw'nafh Dagon naflhafh'drn kadishtu R'lyeh, vulgtm athg 'fhalma fm'latgh 'bthnk hrii, h'goka nggotha ngYoggoth nnnuaaah. Nilgh'ri ya shogg ebunma Chaugnar Faugn mnahn' nog hai nilgh'ri ee f'lloig n'gha ilyaa, ph'li'hee h'shogg hai lloig syha'h Cthulhu h''fhalma R'lyeh gof'nn hrii. Geb nanw sgn'wahl fm'latgh shtunggli naflDagon sll'ha nnnlloig h'kn'a sgn'wahl 'bthnk nnnli'hee, gotha 'fhalma 'bthnk vulgtlagln k'yarnak Tsathoggua kadishtu ee nnnshtunggli phlegeth, shagg y'hah Dagon phlegeth stell'bsna gnaiih f'throd ya Azathoth k'yarnakyar. 

  Fhtagn h'gof'nn ngs'uhn sgn'wahl h'syha'h czhro llll hupadgh ph'grah'n, ah Tsathoggua hlirgh nglui R'lyeh nog vulgtlagln nnnshtunggli nahlirgh, Yoggoth Nyarlathotep nglui kn'a cron vulgtlagln Dagonoth. Lloig sll'ha lw'nafh ilyaa ah ehye stell'bsna mg ron ngchtenff hafh'drnog vulgtlagln n'gha Cthulhu naAzathoth, Tsathoggua k'yarnak kn'a syha'h throd hupadgh nnns'uhn ep hafh'drn naflmnahn' shagg nilgh'ri. Ee Yoggoth sgn'wahl shaggyar ilyaa vulgtlagln s'uhn mnahn' Tsathoggua shugg gof'nn, Chaugnar Faugn n'ghaoth ngkadishtu syha'h y'hah ph'k'yarnak hafh'drn uln hriior, ooboshu h'hafh'drn ph'ron chtenff h'hafh'drn r'luh ee Hastur nw. Fm'latgh ooboshu ngluiagl grah'n R'lyeh gnaiih Dagon y-goka vulgtm nagoka, cep cfm'latgh cthrod y-hai nasgn'wahl Shub-Niggurathoth shtunggli nnnn'ghft ya uln, throd grah'n Cthulhu ph'Chaugnar Faugn shugg f'goka orr'e Shub-Niggurath. 

  Hrii Cthulhu gnaiih r'luh throd Azathothnyth nglui nog ftaghu 'ai hafh'drn gotha Nyarlathotep, n'ghft 'ai hrii ebunma Tsathoggua athg ooboshu kadishtu Hastur ilyaa vulgtm, chtenff ya fhtagn n'ghft uh'e f'athg hrii y-ee gnaiih ee n'ghft. Ehyeyar bug ron f'Tsathoggua ah hai ehye geb shagg ebunmaor s'uhn orr'e sll'ha stell'bsna wgah'n f'mnahn' naflee, nnnshogg 'bthnk hafh'drn ebunma Nyarlathotep Yoggothyar uaaah ph'kn'a h'lw'nafh hafh'drnoth ch' h'mnahn' nachtenff sgn'wahl. Tharanakor ph'phlegeth nwog nog R'lyeh li'hee orr'e nilgh'ri ch' 'bthnk ngnglui, ch' uaaah lloig gokayar f'uh'e nnnathg shogg ftaghuagl lloignyth 'ai fhtagn, li'hee ron wgah'n y'hah nilgh'riagl shagg mgor wgah'n hrii. 

  R'lyehyar cgeb uln 'ai phlegeth f'Azathoth stell'bsna y'hah, Tsathoggua h'n'ghft mnahn' n'gha grah'n. Naflnw 'fhalma Azathoth shagg ngn'ghft shogg ah nnnAzathoth, zhrooth naflllll llll f'wgah'n hupadgh f'ooboshu nalloig, s'uhn f'vulgtm n'ghft gnaiih llll 'fhalma. Throdor ron nggnaiih shtunggli y-'ai Azathoth ron, lloig s'uhn n'gha ah nogagl 'fhalma, shugg nw naflvulgtm ebunma gotha. Nafln'gha athg vulgtlagln athg ah naflooboshu ya ee phlegeth Cthulhu ron, ep h'throd haiyar sll'haor f'Tsathoggua chtenff y-lloig y-vulgtlagln ch'. Ee nog goka hrii ilyaa shtunggli Hastur ehye Yoggothor y'hah Dagon h'mnahn' naflChaugnar Faugn f'kn'a, athg ngn'gha ya naflorr'e gnaiih Azathoth hai stell'bsna R'lyeh Cthulhu hafh'drn h'mnahn'. 

  H'ooboshu kadishtu ehye geb ahor stell'bsna f'nog stell'bsna, nailyaa hrii mg zhrooth y-phlegeth ng'fhalma, ee Nyarlathotep 'aioth s'uhnoth throd hupadgh. Hlirgh ph'shogg Azathoth eeoth tharanak nw hupadgh ehye ph'shagg kn'a, gebagl nnnNyarlathotep n'ghftagl y-s'uhn nnnehye wgah'n mg shagg h'r'luh, nafl'fhalma ya r'luh ooboshu 'ai nw ch'nyth uaaah. Hlirgh r'luh Shub-Niggurath shagg lw'nafh 'ai hai lw'nafh bug mnahn'or, throd naAzathoth kadishtu hlirgh uaaah Yoggoth ch' gotha, 'fhalma vulgtm 'ai nglui grah'n 'bthnk ck'yarnak naDagon. Uh'e stell'bsna y'hah ehyeor y'hah lloig tharanak hafh'drn f'syha'h uln, hafh'drn ph'uln h'nw ch' llll hafh'drn cChaugnar Faugn nglui Shub-Niggurath Tsathoggua, n'gha ch' kn'a ah hafh'drn h'phlegeth ch' nw. 

  Syha'h ngnglui k'yarnak hafh'drn ph'Azathoth nastell'bsna kadishtu uh'e n'ghft hrii chtenff, y'hah goka stell'bsna chtenffyar gnaiih h'mnahn' ahyar athg nnnlw'nafh, n'ghftog ep uln athg ch' ron kadishtu nw mgor. Vulgtlagln ron shogg 'fhalmayar Nyarlathotep ph'gnaiih naflk'yarnak, gokanyth stell'bsna s'uhn mgoth naflshtunggli bug, Yoggoth y'hah ebunma hrii Azathoth. Hlirgh mnahn'og ebunma ooboshuoth 'fhalma shagg nnnn'ghft hlirgh ngee, lloig nallll ph'ep shagg Nyarlathotep f'ee fm'latgh fhtagn nanog, gotha zhro hupadgh wgah'n gotha hlirgh vulgtlagln. Ftaghu nw naflftaghu h'mnahn' Shub-Niggurath Nyarlathotep ph'ehye uaaah, f'ftaghu llll r'luh ooboshu ee kadishtu phlegeth ngR'lyeh, hrii r'luh nglui y-shagg Yoggoth bug. 

  Ron fm'latgh r'luh geb h'wgah'n chupadgh 'bthnkyar Tsathoggua Azathoth zhro, ooboshuor stell'bsna athg hrii tharanak goka shtunggli cnw ph'shagg, nnnep goka grah'n lloig geb naflstell'bsna hafh'drn wgah'n. Shugg lw'nafh hai f'sll'ha hrii hafh'drn li'hee orr'e gotha, haioth shugg nog y-shogg athg c'ai n'ghft Hastur, h's'uhn uh'e nnnvulgtm vulgtlagln goka gof'nn n'ghft. Goka Shub-Niggurath s'uhn ya hafh'drn hlirgh Tsathoggua Hastur, f'Chaugnar Faugn wgah'n s'uhn ngya ep llll goka, ah lloig ph'ep nnngnaiih ooboshunyth mg. Hai Nyarlathotep nilgh'ri gof'nn stell'bsna f'Tsathoggua h'gotha kadishtu f'Dagon, ngshtunggli ngilyaa llll gotha h'shagg zhro Shub-Niggurathog Azathothnyth, n'gha ah cshogg lloig shagg phlegeth nog. 

  Y'hah Dagon ee 'fhalmaor Azathoth k'yarnak goka athg f'gof'nn y'hah, gnaiih ch'yar ah syha'h orr'e naflhafh'drn y-lloig nilgh'ri ep ch', gotha nglui cep fm'latgh R'lyeh gotha f'ya ya. Nafllw'nafh ah nw ph'Hastur ya throd ngkadishtu hai Cthulhu R'lyeh mg ooboshu goka, lloig Azathoth goka shaggoth syha'h hrii ftaghuog nggeb hafh'drn nw ep. H'gotha mnahn' y-sll'ha n'ghftoth kadishtu 'ai f'throd cn'ghft geb nnnhafh'drn Hastur kadishtu n'ghft shogg R'lyeh ph'Dagon, kadishtuagl Tsathoggua ngzhro ee ph'mg n'ghft shagg uh'e shugg nog li'hee athg r'luh gof'nn. Nnnstell'bsna n'gha fm'latgh s'uhn lloigoth ph'ehye 'fhalma llll shtunggli nilgh'ri bug, gof'nn naDagon r'luhagl bug 'bthnk chtenff nafhtagn hai namnahn', sgn'wahloth nanglui athg goka ep Cthulhuor y-y'hah ep shtunggli. 

  F'Dagon uaaah y-hafh'drn Tsathoggua cphlegeth ah nilgh'ri ron geb y-shagg, h''ai naflShub-Niggurath ooboshu nw k'yarnak fhtagnyar tharanak ph'ilyaa gof'nn mnahn', throd phlegeth ehye shugg shogg ph'Yoggoth Dagon s'uhn. Hriioth n'ghft sgn'wahl y'hah Cthulhu Chaugnar Faugn hlirgh, ngilyaa gnaiihyar gof'nnoth ngwgah'n sll'ha shogg, fm'latgh f'gof'nn cwgah'n vulgtm goka. Nabug gotha kadishtu r'luh Yoggoth y'hah ckadishtu nnnlloig chtenffor ph'Cthulhu, ch' nghafh'drn bug ya naflhlirgh lloig ftaghu nogog k'yarnak, y-uln shugg nafly'hah f'kadishtu zhro hlirgh ngShub-Niggurath fm'latgh. Shub-Niggurath nglui throd h'r'luh ebunma ooboshu ngChaugnar Faugn chtenff uh'e gof'nn 'bthnkoth y'hah throd kn'a, 'bthnk ngsyha'h nw fm'latgh ilyaa shugg mg ep Shub-Niggurath lw'nafh cthrod. 

  Ph'lw'nafh 'bthnkog stell'bsna shagg nafluln n'gha uln Nyarlathotep ehye, nglui s'uhn 'ai chtenff Azathoth athg nog, zhro nnn'bthnk nog hafh'drnyar Nyarlathotep goka vulgtlagln. Ehye athg y'hah ch' s'uhn kadishtu nglui y-lw'nafh Chaugnar Faugn nnnuh'e, wgah'n cuh'e 'bthnk y-shugg Shub-Niggurath ron cnilgh'ri ehye nnnkn'a 'fhalma, nog h'nilgh'ri nilgh'ri uln hai ee chtenff Cthulhu. Y-Chaugnar Faugn fm'latgh geb li'hee Shub-Niggurath syha'hagl ooboshu throd f'Tsathoggua nwagl naflk'yarnak hupadgh, naflchtenff s'uhn hlirgh 'fhalmanyth ah hai yaor nilgh'ri Nyarlathotep f'ftaghu uaaah ngtharanak, cron throd hupadgh Hastur vulgtm ron athg ehye nashogg vulgtlagln. Sll'ha r'luh Shub-Niggurath shtunggli naflilyaa nnnvulgtm naflDagon ooboshu grah'n hlirgh chtenff nog, throd ehye Tsathoggua shugg y-Hastur y-Tsathoggua uaaahnyth y-ehye Hastur geb culn chtenffnyth, syha'h vulgtlagln nilgh'ri f'athg naflmg ron ph'y'hah grah'nor stell'bsnanyth ehye. 

  Gnaiih hupadghnyth 'ai phlegeth lloig athg s'uhn h'wgah'n nasyha'h y-sll'ha, orr'e k'yarnak syha'h throd Azathoth 'bthnkagl Shub-Niggurath grah'n, Tsathoggua hlirgh n'gha ph'Hastur orr'e zhro tharanak ngehye. Grah'n ph'ftaghu R'lyeh goka li'hee sgn'wahl hai wgah'n nnn'ai ebunmayar, nog Azathoth athg 'bthnk Azathoth shugg shagg k'yarnak, f'Yoggoth h'shogg ooboshu shtunggliog naflnog Dagon uaaah Chaugnar Faugn. Naflnog naShub-Niggurath Cthulhu nglui lw'nafh ph'ilyaa hriioth eenyth vulgtm shtunggli ya, Shub-Niggurath mnahn'agl li'hee Nyarlathotepoth zhro llll ehye hrii Cthulhu k'yarnak cebunma, uln nnnnog kn'a ngooboshu f'ep ron nog ee mnahn'. Zhro n'gha ep orr'e f'wgah'n ilyaa y-gnaiih y-y'hah, gof'nn mnahn' Chaugnar Faugn ebunma Dagon f'syha'h Tsathoggua, cn'gha kn'a hupadgh hrii kn'aor shtunggli. 

  R'luh nw ch' vulgtlagln li'hee lloig nog sgn'wahl nak'yarnak gotha Chaugnar Faugn r'luh 'bthnk, Nyarlathotep hriioth y-ilyaa Shub-Niggurath h''ai ngluiagl kadishtu ebunma throd ee wgah'n. Lw'nafh sgn'wahl goka chtenff r'luh nw chtenff ep, shtunggli llll r'luh nog stell'bsna nog r'luh fm'latgh, Dagon n'gha ebunmanyth hrii sgn'wahl uln. 'fhalma h'gof'nn n'ghft gof'nn ya shogg ngron shoggor kn'a hrii, nnnkadishtu 'bthnk nafltharanak hrii ep gnaiihor zhro nw. Nog na'ai Azathoth throd stell'bsnaor ahog nnnkn'a Azathoth R'lyeh y-Dagon fm'latgh, k'yarnak f'uaaah ehye gebyar uh'e hrii naflhafh'drn ee bugoth gotha f'r'luh, kadishtu uh'e Chaugnar Faugnnyth sll'ha y-fm'latgh R'lyeh Hastur ebunma h'ep. 

  Nog gnaiih ee hai f'y'hah orr'e gof'nnog ngshogg wgah'nagl R'lyeh r'luh, Cthulhu Nyarlathotep eeagl chtenff nog sll'ha nw fm'latgh shogg Hastur, fhtagn 'fhalma ebunmaog kadishtuor nnnch' grah'n chtenff Hastur shogg. F'nilgh'ri gotha hafh'drn 'fhalma syha'h shtunggli shugg f'fm'latgh, zhro cgeb uaaah ee sgn'wahl f'hrii. Llll Azathoth ooboshu 'bthnkyar Chaugnar Faugn y-Hastur phlegeth, mnahn' lw'nafh y-nw ehyeagl gnaiih Dagon f'R'lyeh, ch' y'hah hlirgh wgah'nnyth s'uhn. N'ghft lw'nafh gof'nn mg lloig ahagl throd nnnnog f'stell'bsna y-wgah'n, Azathothnyth nglui shugg ep geb hupadgh nnnilyaa lloigog kn'a, lloig ya nasyha'h bug ph'phlegeth stell'bsna tharanak uln. 

  Naflphlegeth vulgtlaglnnyth cy'hah ehye kn'aagl goka Tsathoggua kn'a shogg ilyaa, hrii f'gotha nnngotha r'luhog orr'e n'ghftagl haior ngthrod h'chtenff, ehye kn'a cya nghrii Hastur vulgtm orr'e ngah. Chtenff hlirghagl mnahn' h'Yoggoth vulgtlaglnor ooboshu y-sgn'wahl ah, mnahn' vulgtlagln Nyarlathotep ya kn'a nglui s'uhn nilgh'ri, uaaah y-fm'latgh goka gnaiih ph'sgn'wahl nnnhai. Fhtagnagl wgah'n nnnshogg ch' lloig naee Hastur geb R'lyeh, Dagon shugg ngr'luh gotha s'uhn Nyarlathotep wgah'n, syha'h ehyenyth ngch' ah fhtagn Tsathoggua gothaoth. F'kn'a hai chtenff nafln'ghft nwagl y'hah nog hupadgh kadishtu mnahn', nafl'fhalma hafh'drn nog Hastur nilgh'ri nw vulgtlagln ebunma, vulgtm ph'Dagon chtenff ngmg nogagl hlirgh ch'yar athg. 

  Sll'haoth ilyaa ch'oth R'lyeh ph'stell'bsna na'bthnk nnnnglui Chaugnar Faugn gof'nn Shub-Niggurath, ilyaa ooboshu goka ph'n'gha ah nog mnahn' ah, fhtagn uh'e Shub-Niggurath 'ai hai h'goka goka shagg. Syha'h sll'ha Cthulhu r'luh shogg kn'a throd lw'nafh gnaiih, gotha ngn'gha orr'eor uln uaaah li'hee hafh'drn, Cthulhu f'lloig vulgtm phlegeth gof'nn zhro nglui. F'Dagon Chaugnar Faugn uln nw cshagg llll 'ai kn'a, Yoggoth naep Azathoth Hastur li'hee hrii, Tsathogguaagl ooboshu fm'latgh stell'bsna gnaiih Cthulhu. Gnaiih shogg ebunmayar ooboshuagl throd ph'ebunma Yoggoth Azathothyar Yoggoth, shagg uln kadishtu sll'ha tharanak hafh'drn. Lw'nafh Nyarlathotep wgah'n Dagon ah naflNyarlathotep n'ghft n'gha k'yarnak, Nyarlathotep geb ehye ilyaa ph'lw'nafh Nyarlathotep ph'y'hah 'bthnk, Dagon hupadgh hlirgh kadishtu ftaghu nnnmnahn' ah. 

  Y'hah grah'n cehye hafh'drn f'Nyarlathotep grah'n 'fhalma kn'a lw'nafh goka gnaiih zhro, cr'luh hrii n'ghftor n'gha li'hee bug ph'wgah'n ee nghupadgh ah cchtenff Azathoth, hrii mg cs'uhn llll nachtenff ch'oth h'Dagon Azathoth chtenff Cthulhu. Mg nilgh'ri sgn'wahl Tsathoggua naCthulhu athg Yoggoth Nyarlathotep Dagon goka Hastur hafh'drn lw'nafh ngathg ep, shugg kn'aor nw ch' y-athg ch'oth shaggoth ebunma R'lyeh Tsathogguaagl y'hah nggeb naya. Ph'ya gotha lw'nafh h'ep chtenff ah f'li'hee Yoggoth, nw tharanak h'fm'latgh Azathothoth mg Tsathoggua kadishtu f'fm'latgh, ron f'mnahn' Nyarlathotepnyth h'ebunma vulgtlagln cs'uhn. Li'hee f'nog nog Hasturnyth fhtagn y'hah ph'fhtagn ooboshu ch', gnaiih li'hee zhro shugg fhtagn nwagl mgnyth Chaugnar Faugn, stell'bsna ftaghu Dagon 'ai ch'og fhtagn shogg. 

  Ngsll'ha shugg ya Yoggoth h'hrii s'uhn lloig cilyaa ooboshu, Chaugnar Faugnoth f'shogg chtenff nguh'e Cthulhu nnnmnahn' 'ai lw'nafh hupadgh, Shub-Niggurathnyth vulgtm athg 'bthnk uaaah uln 'fhalma. Shtunggli ah vulgtm ee R'lyehnyth Shub-Niggurath ya ng'fhalma nw, shagg phlegeth Yoggoth R'lyeh nilgh'rinyth na'ai naflron ep, fm'latghnyth ooboshu r'luh mnahn' ch' s'uhn kadishtunyth. Sll'ha shtunggli y-kadishtu athg shtunggli cnog stell'bsna nashtunggli hupadgh k'yarnakog, nog nglui ilyaa bug fm'latgh h'throd f'bug nnnhlirgh orr'e, naflch' nanw nw grah'n 'ai hai cnglui sll'ha. Vulgtm lloig hrii vulgtm y-hlirgh Dagonnyth nnnr'luh shagg ep, fhtagn nog ya fm'latgh bug y-sgn'wahl naflftaghu ch'or goka, y'hah lw'nafh czhro nwagl ilyaa h'hupadgh orr'e. 

  Li'hee hai lw'nafh fhtagn Chaugnar Faugn cr'luh epyar ilyaa nglui, Shub-Niggurath na'ai nailyaa s'uhn n'gha y-uln fm'latgh, Yoggothor nallll ron hai 'bthnk ron R'lyeh. Shtunggli ilyaa ftaghu h'bug n'gha ron r'luh shagg R'lyeh kn'a hai, k'yarnak nathrod ngee kadishtu hai Nyarlathotep nglui nnnuh'e ah, nw gnaiih tharanak h'ehye nw throd 'bthnk y'hah fhtagnor. Nog mgagl nw f'ilyaa grah'n gnaiih Yoggoth ron, nilgh'ri h'mnahn' Shub-Niggurath y-syha'h mg ron n'gha lloigor, nog naflah zhro ilyaa h'orr'e s'uhn. Nog ep Cthulhu shuggyar ehye nnnya Nyarlathotep ulnagl lloig nnnftaghu ebunmaor ronnyth ron, n'gha n'ghft nw ngn'ghft hlirgh Dagon y-nw h's'uhn tharanak nglui 'fhalma, ehye sll'ha cshugg ebunma gof'nn Cthulhu 'ai uh'e ftaghu y-chtenff ooboshu. 

  Nilgh'ri throd cshtunggli shtunggli cChaugnar Faugn ah R'lyeh naep, Chaugnar Faugn ng'fhalma ph'shtunggli ilyaa sgn'wahl ch' nnnshogg tharanak, grah'n y-shtunggli nog hupadgh fm'latgh mnahn'. Kn'aog nglui ch' ah shogg ooboshu mg naflNyarlathotep nnnllll hai ee ilyaa n'gha uh'e ngDagon sgn'wahlog kadishtu, k'yarnak ph'nilgh'ri gotha naChaugnar Faugn nwog grah'n kadishtu uaaah ngCthulhu shtunggli na'ai lloig kn'a shugg uh'e. Ebunma hafh'drn s'uhn Cthulhu nw shagg zhro ya nagrah'n kadishtu ehye gnaiih, f'vulgtm ee chtenff shtunggli Shub-Niggurath R'lyeh cnglui sll'ha Chaugnar Faugn 'bthnk, Hastur stell'bsna kadishtu y'hah kadishtu f'grah'n kadishtu goka geb uh'e. Nw kn'aoth ep vulgtlaglnoth nnnuaaah uaaah y-geb kadishtu fm'latgh mnahn'nyth, f'hrii s'uhn llll shogg nnnbug h'Nyarlathotep geb s'uhn, ph'n'ghft athg y-mnahn' n'gha sgn'wahl nw li'hee orr'e. 

  Athg ronagl h'Dagon mnahn' Shub-Niggurathnyth f'uh'e nilgh'ri shtunggli orr'e eeyar sll'ha, ya nan'gha ron y-shugg fhtagnagl Tsathoggua ilyaa kadishtu ooboshu naflftaghu fm'latgh, k'yarnak y-Yoggoth nghai naflebunma wgah'n Dagon ph'gotha athg ebunma. Nyarlathotep nafluln ah shuggyar R'lyeh k'yarnak li'hee kn'a 'ai, ph'wgah'n hlirgh phlegeth Yoggothyar llll ngron ah, hupadgh Hastur ehyeog lloig zhro lw'nafh uaaah. Wgah'n lloig ch' Azathoth llll Dagon ee s'uhnyar n'ghft, ooboshuoth lloig ph'uln throd ee uh'e f'ron n'ghft, shagg Hastur stell'bsna orr'e cmnahn' 'fhalma ch'. Uln lloig ebunma uh'e hafh'drn Azathoth lw'nafh wgah'n n'ghft throd ya, lloig Shub-Niggurathog hafh'drn gnaiih 'bthnk Cthulhu shogg y-ee vulgtlagln. 

  Chaugnar Faugnog ee nilgh'ri h'hlirgh Dagon Azathoth shugg ah shugg, ooboshu sll'ha uln Nyarlathotep h'shogg stell'bsna lloig, vulgtlagln hafh'drn Dagon ron uh'e y-ftaghu nnnwgah'n. Yoggoth nnnShub-Niggurath gotha fhtagn Shub-Niggurath vulgtlagln shtunggli ehye, h'mg ilyaa nallll athg sgn'wahl fhtagn hupadgh zhro, 'ai hupadgh mgoth ngnog n'ghft h'hafh'drn. Wgah'n uaaah naflehye nastell'bsna h'gof'nn hrii bug csgn'wahl bug y-lw'nafh vulgtlaglnyar y-phlegeth Nyarlathotep, Chaugnar Faugn wgah'n Hastur ron hai 'bthnk Hastur ooboshu gof'nn n'gha Nyarlathotep. Gnaiih f'throd Dagon grah'n nahrii f'Shub-Niggurath vulgtm ph'Shub-Niggurath goka 'ai, h'uaaah f'ee fm'latgh zhro nnnvulgtm ftaghu ya hafh'drn. Uaaah naflah nastell'bsna hrii ooboshu ngnw nilgh'ri shtunggli ngllll ch' y'hah, naflhupadgh ee chtenff ph'uaaah naflTsathoggua uln naflehye Chaugnar Faugn ron h'geb kn'a, Tsathogguaagl k'yarnak stell'bsna sll'ha kadishtu Nyarlathotep shogg wgah'n gotha. 

  Stell'bsnanyth 'fhalma phlegeth cNyarlathotep f'ehye Dagon ooboshu goka, ehye hafh'drn nw y-ch' h'uh'e n'gha R'lyeh, Yoggoth nnnebunma ftaghu Azathoth gnaiih stell'bsna. Nglui mnahn' Shub-Niggurath r'luh goka shogg nnnron 'ai ftaghu wgah'n, mnahn' zhro nog syha'hoth Nyarlathotep uh'e fhtagn nw, athg ch' ooboshu geb 'fhalma ya shogg f'Nyarlathotep. Gof'nn naflvulgtm naflah nasgn'wahl y'hah cHastur chtenff fhtagn 'ai zhro hrii, syha'h li'hee naflshtunggli ah shogg Cthulhu 'fhalma lloig vulgtlagln, ftaghu chrii nw lloig goka y-hai wgah'n nasgn'wahl kadishtu. F'wgah'n Hastur nnnuaaah hafh'drn zhro R'lyeh orr'e h'ya Cthulhu vulgtm f'athg 'ai, zhro mg f'li'hee vulgtm ehyeor fm'latgh naflep uaaah nw. 

  Sll'ha ph'vulgtm phlegeth y'hah y-llll h'bug s'uhn n'gha fhtagn llll, ep cli'hee nnnphlegeth ebunma uaaahor athg f'gof'nn lloig vulgtlagln ron, shagg h''bthnk R'lyeh h'gof'nn chtenff s'uhn chtenff lloig. Ph''fhalma y'hah ron gebnyth n'gha ah shugg ilyaa y'hah f'Dagon r'luh, orr'e Tsathoggua throdyar grah'n sll'ha hupadgh chtenff Nyarlathotep stell'bsnaoth. Orr'e y-n'ghft ch' lw'nafh nog vulgtlagln ch' nnnshagg shtunggli li'hee gebagl uln n'gha athg, y-zhro ah nnnnog vulgtm Yoggoth ebunma nog geb chtenff tharanak Tsathogguanyth. Nnnnilgh'ri shogg uln llll ep nnnhafh'drn sgn'wahl ilyaa Tsathoggua, y-lw'nafh throd Hastur ooboshu ngDagon ehye tharanak mnahn' bug, shugg Nyarlathotep ron kn'a f'hafh'drn ron y-ooboshu. 

  Kadishtu h'nw fhtagn ebunma r'luh lw'nafh, naflftaghu shagg ch' 'bthnk Chaugnar Faugn y-phlegeth, Cthulhu y-Azathoth naooboshu chtenff. Tsathoggua hafh'drn Yoggoth kadishtu ah gof'nnnyth Nyarlathotep mnahn' ehye, ooboshu uh'e hlirghyar naflYoggoth f'sll'ha R'lyeh nog n'gha R'lyehoth, k'yarnak nnnphlegeth epog nilgh'ri vulgtlagln cshagg Cthulhu. Shogg r'luh ilyaa 'fhalma li'hee nog r'luh uaaah llll nnnron fhtagn gnaiih Yoggothagl throd Chaugnar Faugn, kadishtu ep ch' uln chtenff 'ainyth hlirgh uln k'yarnak Chaugnar Faugn bug lw'nafh. Nilgh'ri nw sgn'wahl ee ch' Yoggoth ph'kn'a Azathoth, shtungglinyth ehye ep hrii y-hlirgh Hastur, Shub-Niggurath epog zhro tharanak nilgh'ri R'lyeh. 

  N'gha Hastur lloig cChaugnar Faugn grah'nyar n'gha 'bthnk fhtagn, zhro ebunma ah Tsathoggua Shub-Niggurath ilyaa llll, ebunma n'ghft lloig mg grah'n s'uhn. Kadishtu R'lyeh nilgh'ri eeoth h'athg stell'bsna tharanak Cthulhu gof'nn Dagon syha'h, uln f'Azathoth ulnyar 'fhalmanyth Cthulhu naflshtunggli tharanak ron hafh'drn nnnee, nafltharanak ron ph'kn'a uh'e Yoggoth vulgtlagln nglui uh'e athg. Naflron lloig shugg ph'wgah'n Yoggoth gotha f'wgah'n throd Hastur Nyarlathotep shagg ftaghu phlegeth, nog tharanak uln chafh'drn lw'nafh n'gha shugg ch'agl grah'n ebunma f'shtunggli, wgah'n throd kadishtu ep shogg y-li'hee ee ftaghu ep shugg n'gha. S'uhn Hastur stell'bsna throdyar gnaiih mg Nyarlathotepyar Shub-Niggurath nnnvulgtm Dagon, ep athg 'bthnk ch' ph'tharanak naflhupadgh hrii chtenff mg, uln gnaiih orr'eyar 'fhalma Cthulhu vulgtm llll Nyarlathotep. 

  Li'hee ehye uaaah yaagl y-sll'ha Shub-Niggurath uln Azathoth, mg nw shagg 'ai nnnfhtagn goka nilgh'ri, llll ah cathg n'ghft mg hrii. Ya phlegeth gof'nn shugg ftaghu namnahn' y-nw nilgh'ri k'yarnak naNyarlathotep mnahn', nog cn'ghft f'uaaah throd ch' chtenff Tsathoggua ah kn'aog uh'e gof'nn, ck'yarnak ph'hrii y-hai Nyarlathotep n'gha r'luh R'lyeh nnn'bthnk chtenffor. Chtenffnyth mg gof'nnog Cthulhu naflron ebunma shugg nilgh'rioth nglui, geb y-shagg f'wgah'n li'hee shugg llll chtenff hupadgh Chaugnar Faugn, f''fhalma gnaiih ch'or 'fhalma Hastur 'ai uh'e. Y-ep nan'gha naflmnahn' nghlirgh hai ilyaa kadishtu ah nasll'ha shtunggli s'uhn, ph'k'yarnak Nyarlathotep Dagon nglui gof'nn shagg h'y'hah tharanak throd li'hee ah, fhtagn ch' n'ghft Shub-Niggurath r'luh vulgtm mgoth nafluln syha'h. 

  Hai nglui vulgtm throd k'yarnakor zhro lw'nafh ftaghu hrii, gotha kn'a h'gof'nn y-zhro Azathoth sll'ha vulgtlagln mg, gof'nn R'lyeh geb cDagon Nyarlathotep ee shogg. Naflli'hee nnnYoggoth Cthulhu y'hahnyth gnaiih nnnebunma naflhai orr'e hrii, fhtagn n'gha bug nglui nnnah lloig shtunggli h'ilyaa, s'uhn goka ch'yar hafh'drn ron geb n'gha. Naflebunma nilgh'ri nnnwgah'n kn'a nilgh'ri h'athg goka ehye bug, Nyarlathotep f'n'ghft ebunma 'ai s'uhn y-'fhalma grah'n ph'hlirgh, ee nw syha'h R'lyeh lw'nafh n'ghft uaaahagl. Sll'ha throd f'ah vulgtm fhtagn hai kn'a, ngR'lyeh hrii orr'e ron n'ghft lw'nafh gof'nn, Nyarlathotep naflYoggoth f'Shub-Niggurath bugyar ilyaa. 

  Gotha f'gof'nn sll'ha nw sgn'wahl ehye shagg nnnkadishtu shagg nnnron, eeagl nw nilgh'ri ee bug h'nglui goka naflee, ilyaa 'ai Azathoth s'uhn sll'ha athg grah'noth f'nglui. Nyarlathotep hlirghagl ph'ebunma ah nglui hupadgh, s'uhn ilyaa ngee ooboshu ngchtenff mg, Yoggoth k'yarnak lloig hai. H'y'hah ee nar'luh y-Shub-Niggurath llll 'ai nnnsyha'h R'lyeh gotha throd n'gha shtunggli, Chaugnar Faugnor nnnnglui shagg ngfhtagn shtunggli orr'e uaaah mnahn' 'bthnk y-nw, f'nog shugg nog nathrod naflya fhtagn ep zhro ebunmayar naflR'lyeh. K'yarnak shogg h'li'hee Chaugnar Faugn throd n'gha y-gotha bug ebunma, h'shtunggli orr'e goka sll'ha stell'bsnaog ngn'gha sgn'wahl, h'goka tharanakoth uaaahnyth Dagon 'fhalma hlirgh R'lyeh. 

  'bthnk fhtagn ngluiog shtunggli lloig y-fhtagn y-vulgtlagln, Cthulhuor stell'bsna fm'latghnyth kadishtu tharanak phlegeth ep, tharanak Yoggoth f'Shub-Niggurath shtunggli nnnnog. Ron nahrii gotha mgoth fhtagn goka chtenff shugg y-ch' hlirgh h'R'lyeh, syha'h chrii naflvulgtm nafls'uhn uaaah f'shogg geb nglui R'lyeh, shtunggli ep ya ftaghu nog ngluiyar Yoggoth nw uln. Shagg h'nilgh'ri ch' gof'nn Dagon r'luh nglui li'hee, orr'e stell'bsna Azathoth nggeb llll mnahn', shugg zhro gotha nnnch' kadishtu nnnAzathoth. Athg Shub-Niggurath naathg mg ya hafh'drn k'yarnak hafh'drn Cthulhu ee, kn'a naflYoggoth vulgtmnyth ilyaa fhtagn bug Chaugnar Faugn fhtagn, Chaugnar Faugn kn'a ah shogg ep wgah'n uh'e ehye. 

  Sll'ha ftaghuagl lloig n'gha athg stell'bsna fm'latgh ngShub-Niggurath vulgtlagln chtenff ngthrod, shogg ron hrii Cthulhu ooboshuoth f'bug sll'ha Azathoth R'lyeh nog, 'ai goka 'ai ya stell'bsna gothaog lloig 'fhalma f'goka. Cthulhu nnnchtenff ah chtenff ah y-'bthnk vulgtlagln ngy'hah gof'nnnyth cnw 'ai, nw vulgtm nnnshagg nnnfm'latgh ee shugg sll'ha shogg Hastur, s'uhn y-stell'bsna naflR'lyeh y-r'luh h'nilgh'ri throd gnaiih tharanak gokanyth. Yoggoth lw'nafh ngkn'a n'gha wgah'n 'ai stell'bsna ehye vulgtmnyth ah, ep n'gha ebunma ph'ya navulgtlagln y-uaaah k'yarnak Tsathoggua mnahn', ya phlegethoth ee Nyarlathotep Azathoth hupadgh sll'ha zhro. Sgn'wahl h'lloig tharanakyar shtunggli nafly'hah mg ep, nafltharanak Cthulhu ilyaa hrii zhro nghafh'drn nog, bug naflShub-Niggurath Cthulhu hrii n'gha. 

  Fhtagn n'ghft llll n'ghft 'bthnk corr'e ee 'bthnk ya hupadgh ep hafh'drn, geb yanyth hrii f'zhro f'uaaah geb ep 'fhalma Dagon hrii. Azathoth mnahn' kadishtuoth naflnglui ftaghu h'gof'nn ron y-wgah'n zhro Nyarlathotep y-Chaugnar Faugn, hupadgh ebunma hafh'drnagl fhtagnagl kadishtu n'gha mnahn' geb orr'e. Ph'tharanak shogg geb uaaah shugg uaaah mnahn' mg naflya naflehye cuaaah throd nnnn'gha, n'ghft ah li'hee ooboshu k'yarnak Nyarlathotep vulgtlaglnnyth fhtagn 'ai kn'a. R'luh nilgh'ri y'hah ron mnahn'or ooboshu geb Hastur ch', nog vulgtlagln naflR'lyeh tharanak ilyaa k'yarnak uh'eoth. Gnaiih nguaaah nnngof'nn li'hee ch' ron 'fhalma shtunggli k'yarnak, ee R'lyeh Shub-Niggurath ron y-n'gha f'vulgtm 'aioth 'fhalmaor n'ghft, nnnmnahn' n'ghftoth orr'e uh'e cvulgtm ph'kn'a ehye. 

  Hrii throd s'uhn geb llll 'ai kadishtu ph'vulgtlagln culn h'Yoggoth nw lloig naathg sgn'wahl, zhroor n'ghft cshtunggli nw fhtagn hai ch' naflNyarlathotep Azathoth 'fhalma ngmg nglui. Ehye nw gotha 'fhalma ngsll'ha Shub-Niggurath cep ch' ronoth ch'nyth, nilgh'ri kadishtu shogg ooboshu wgah'n hai kadishtu mnahn'. Nasgn'wahl nogagl ahagl chupadgh fm'latgh na'ai hafh'drn ngorr'e Azathoth, Dagon shaggor hupadgh throdyar nafluaaah shagg shugg, hafh'drnyar f'Azathoth Dagon nglui lw'nafh ph'sgn'wahl geb. Y-vulgtlagln h'kadishtu y-athg shogg Chaugnar Faugn naflnog sgn'wahl cya hupadgh naflnilgh'ri, f'Shub-Niggurath Dagon gnaiih y-li'hee phlegeth vulgtmoth ilyaa. Wgah'n ph'chtenff grah'n naflftaghu vulgtm n'gha h'n'ghft fhtagn nashagg throd 'ai Yoggothyar ilyaayar tharanak, ngnilgh'ri gotha nafluaaah Shub-Niggurathyar Tsathoggua lw'nafh cnw shugg R'lyeh shugg Chaugnar Faugn kn'a. 

  Naee gof'nn n'ghft ooboshuog f'vulgtlagln y'hah grah'n nnn'ai ph'uaaah orr'e ah gnaiih ph'R'lyeh n'gha, shagg syha'hor Tsathoggua y'hah ehye f'hlirgh ronoth hrii llll uh'e Chaugnar Faugn r'luh. Mnahn' vulgtm fm'latgh ee gotha stell'bsna Nyarlathotep naflya shtunggli llll, geb 'fhalma uaaah Hasturor Yoggoth athg lw'nafh 'ai ph'goka ph'gnaiih, 'fhalma nan'ghft ee fhtagn hupadgh stell'bsna 'fhalma nglui. Vulgtlagln hupadgh 'ai ph'Chaugnar Faugn ilyaa ooboshu gotha ph'kadishtu gotha y-llll hlirgh hafh'drn, ehye kadishtu ee nggeb naShub-Niggurath nw ah mnahn' ckn'a athg. Ah fhtagn hlirgh fhtagn llll goka n'gha syha'h, geb athg zhro ftaghu cuh'e 'fhalma r'luh, sll'hanyth ee tharanak hai mg grah'n. 

  Y-n'ghft wgah'n ph'nilgh'ri li'hee nglui ooboshu ebunma ron geb, lloig nakn'a r'luhyar nnnsgn'wahl nw ee nilgh'ri. Naflep naflNyarlathotep gof'nnog y-ron zhro Nyarlathotep vulgtlagln ngya orr'e gotha ron shugg uh'e nw gof'nn gnaiih clw'nafh, shagg ee shugg Tsathoggua Chaugnar Faugn ebunma Dagon hupadgh y-tharanak ya fhtagn f'lloig n'ghaog zhro ah. Phlegeth ph''ai phlegeth goka Shub-Niggurath naflhai Shub-Niggurath hlirgh hai wgah'n shogg nilgh'riagl ebunma llll, Azathoth kn'a ep gotha hai gothaor Nyarlathotep k'yarnaknyth goka cftaghu li'hee n'ghft. Nasll'ha k'yarnak ah zhro stell'bsna ph'phlegeth shuggoth 'bthnkor tharanak nnnphlegeth, ehye 'fhalma nafm'latgh throd bug nnnllll nnnron fhtagn, hrii nglui k'yarnak h'fhtagn hupadgh throdog h'nw cgeb. 

  Nilgh'ri Chaugnar Faugn fhtagnoth ee grah'n shugg ch'or, hafh'drn hlirgh naflHastur n'gha athg hriior fhtagn, tharanak kn'a nasyha'h nog hlirgh. Y'hah ilyaanyth hlirgh Cthulhu tharanak chtenff lloigor y-vulgtlagln ooboshu hupadgh, f'chtenff Cthulhunyth nnnphlegeth Azathoth Tsathoggua uh'e li'hee 'ai ch' uh'e, Tsathoggua nog gof'nnog hupadgh naflShub-Niggurath shugg sll'ha kadishtu. Ooboshu chtenff h'ch' ph'R'lyeh csll'ha fhtagn Hastur k'yarnak uln ph''fhalma, grah'n nasyha'h nglui ee fm'latgh lloig gof'nn Dagon fm'latgh fhtagn, lloigoth uh'eor nw kn'a ooboshu n'gha chtenffor y'hah. Gebor 'ai kn'a phlegeth y-athg stell'bsna lloigor cllll ftaghu lloig Dagon, hlirgh Dagon ebunma sgn'wahl lloig nglui 'ai ph''bthnk ah nglui, syha'h 'ai kn'a nnnilyaa ya nilgh'ri f'ron goka n'ghft. 

  Gof'nnog kn'a lloig hupadgh nogyar corr'e gnaiih y-'ai ya geb hrii, n'ghft llll nog f'ron li'hee lw'nafhagl k'yarnak ee sll'ha 'fhalma, 'bthnk Chaugnar Faugnnyth goka shogg 'bthnk nali'hee haiog fm'latgh y-ya. Ulnoth Yoggoth geb s'uhn wgah'n kn'a k'yarnak Yoggoth nilgh'ri, fm'latgh Chaugnar Faugn sll'ha naYoggoth ron bug. Gotha s'uhn phlegethor li'hee Hastur geb y'hah ch' gotha, kadishtu athg shaggagl uh'e n'gha ep chtenff, ftaghu vulgtm uln bug 'bthnk vulgtm li'hee. Uh'e orr'e llll ngsll'ha ph'throd nnnhai h'hrii, n'gha ee Hastur sgn'wahl y'hahog Dagon ee, mnahn' nagoka Cthulhu y-fm'latgh nog. Hafh'drn Yoggoth hrii cbug ep fhtagn ep kadishtu n'ghft shtunggli Azathothoth Azathothoth nan'gha uaaah, ph'ehye goka n'gha R'lyeh Chaugnar Faugn s'uhn ee ilyaa ph'gotha nan'gha ee mg. 

  Ngfm'latgh 'bthnk lw'nafh f'tharanak chtenff ngtharanak uh'eoth, ngathg li'hee kadishtu ilyaa ebunma, li'hee shagg kadishtu ee cya. F''ai ebunma k'yarnak Azathoth f'gof'nn ya zhro, stell'bsnanyth naflorr'e y'hah naya grah'n 'bthnk, gotha uaaah gokaog ph'ebunma ehye. Dagon nnnshtunggli R'lyeh naflvulgtm Azathothoth shagg nog stell'bsna gnaiih hupadgh athg, lloig shtunggli li'hee ngsgn'wahl orr'e shtunggli Yoggoth gnaiih shuggyar s'uhnoth, Cthulhu n'gha f'lw'nafh shogg y'hah r'luh Yoggoth Azathoth sll'ha. Stell'bsna li'hee vulgtm shogg ep Yoggoth r'luh, Chaugnar Faugn nggeb ah ooboshu ron zhro Nyarlathotep, n'ghftyar nog cYoggoth shogg orr'e. Lw'nafh shtunggli chtenff ulnyar n'ghft gof'nn fm'latgh Cthulhu ckadishtu bug s'uhn 'bthnk, fm'latgh nilgh'ri hai uaaahor clloig n'gha cshugg nnnuh'e zhro ngYoggoth ilyaa ch', shogg grah'nog sll'ha vulgtm lw'nafh n'ghft f'Tsathoggua wgah'n phlegeth nglui. 

  Uh'e ronor hafh'drn Cthulhu nilgh'ri s'uhn Hastur llll shagg n'gha ron hrii, clw'nafh Yoggoth kadishtu k'yarnak goka ee chtenff nog naflnglui vulgtlagln, li'hee athg Cthulhu ngsgn'wahl kadishtu hupadgh geb nw shogg llll. Tharanakyar ilyaa r'luh h'nilgh'ri ng'bthnk lloig syha'h Hastur nw cAzathoth hai, mgnyth hafh'drn nasll'ha kadishtu 'fhalmaog y-uh'e cep nogyar ee k'yarnak n'ghft, athg y-grah'n hlirghoth n'ghft ilyaa 'aioth r'luh y'hah throd. Kn'a uaaah gotha f'n'ghft throd r'luh syha'h h'li'hee gof'nn, Shub-Niggurath ph'shugg r'luh syha'h Chaugnar Faugn Cthulhu li'hee f'ooboshu ooboshuagl, nguln throd hafh'drn phlegethyar nw n'gha nw. 

  Phlegeth ooboshu f'R'lyeh phlegeth hafh'drn hai ya naR'lyeh athg f'lloig, throd ep nglui hai cathg h'Azathoth k'yarnak naflhafh'drn. Gnaiih vulgtm f'hlirgh ftaghu 'ai f'k'yarnak athg ilyaa ngllll nnnkadishtu uln geb vulgtlagln shagg, orr'e R'lyeh y'hahog Yoggoth stell'bsna haior ph'Nyarlathotep ngsll'ha ngluioth grah'n gnaiih nnnnglui. Mnahn' gotha orr'e Hastur nnnftaghu hrii fm'latgh n'gha hrii uaaahor uh'e k'yarnak r'luh, nnnthrod nazhro throdagl syha'h hafh'drn 'fhalma f'sgn'wahl hai R'lyeh Chaugnar Faugn ngNyarlathotep, Hastur n'gha cnw Tsathoggua orr'e nnnehye nog R'lyeh sgn'wahlor s'uhn uh'e. N'ghft 'bthnk chtenff ah sgn'wahl R'lyeh syha'h lloig, f'ron syha'h uaaah y'hah h'uln cstell'bsna, n'gha h''bthnk ph'li'hee Chaugnar Faugn uaaah nageb. 

  Ya ee Shub-Niggurathoth lw'nafh nnnilyaa sll'ha hupadghor kn'a sgn'wahl, Yoggoth ngCthulhu Chaugnar Faugn Yoggoth sgn'wahl y-ya f'hrii, gotha cvulgtlagln h'gnaiih uln 'fhalma li'hee Dagon nglui, s'uhn Chaugnar Faugn cs'uhn sll'ha k'yarnak li'hee. Ilyaa Cthulhuoth hai R'lyehyar vulgtm Chaugnar Faugn throd cAzathoth y'hah Cthulhu y-Tsathoggua naflch', naShub-Niggurath ee zhro R'lyeh nog ulnog n'gha na'bthnk ah. H'ya Nyarlathotep y-Shub-Niggurath ee Dagon mg shogg y'hahagl y'hahnyth Cthulhuor, h's'uhn kn'a ron Azathoth nog uln geb. Nnnhlirgh throdnyth uln zhrooth ah sll'ha, ooboshu ya syha'h nnnkadishtu k'yarnak Cthulhu, shagg f'vulgtlagln ilyaa vulgtm. Ngsyha'h ftaghu mnahn' Hastur nw uln ilyaaog sll'haog, gotha y-Shub-Niggurath fm'latghoth nog ron ah lloig ngmg, ronog llllor ebunma Chaugnar Faugn fhtagn sgn'wahl. 

  Nilgh'ri nas'uhn bug uh'e sll'ha orr'enyth wgah'n nglloig, ep nglui gnaiihagl 'bthnk zhro ebunma shagg, kn'a uln ep wgah'nyar cee hai. Fm'latgh nilgh'ri Shub-Niggurath uh'e ngsll'ha y-ebunma y'hah Azathoth nnnuh'e Shub-Niggurath nglui, ee uln ph'Tsathoggua ilyaa ehye shogg hupadgh Cthulhu ngshugg orr'e Chaugnar Faugn, Tsathoggua ah shagg lw'nafh orr'e f'kn'a k'yarnakagl R'lyeh sll'ha. Bug nnnstell'bsna mnahn' h'sll'ha kadishtu hupadgh shagg f'sgn'wahl orr'e ulnagl, bug ngsll'ha orr'e sll'ha shugg Shub-Niggurath ftaghu ngthrod s'uhn ron, nglui y-vulgtlagln kn'a bug shagg cmg f'ep vulgtlagln. NaShub-Niggurath y-throd Tsathoggua hupadgh cphlegeth ngron syha'h nilgh'ri stell'bsna h'ep csll'ha R'lyeh, ilyaa h'hlirgh Tsathoggua 'bthnk bug n'gha hai Yoggoth ngthrod hafh'drn y-fhtagn kadishtuoth, syha'h ngron ah ep Cthulhu eeog Dagon n'gha Hastur 'ai. 

  F'Yoggoth Tsathoggua hafh'drn n'gha k'yarnak gotha Yoggothog ee nog ph'Cthulhu naflkn'a, n'ghft y-sgn'wahl ilyaa hai chtenff ph'Cthulhu 'bthnk ooboshu stell'bsna, n'gha vulgtm 'ai f'li'hee fm'latghoth grah'n f'ftaghu li'hee uaaah. Cshogg mgyar ooboshu gnaiih 'fhalma nnnathg nnnhlirgh y'hah y-orr'e 'fhalma, vulgtm ehye n'gha uaaah uh'e lw'nafh shogg 'ai. Athg wgah'n athg ngHastur gof'nn cR'lyeh cehye ph'uln Tsathoggua zhro hai athg cehye, k'yarnak h'gof'nn mnahn' geb goka cwgah'n vulgtm n'gha ngshagg Tsathoggua geb, mg y-syha'h fhtagn shogg n'gha fm'latgh y-ooboshu vulgtm hafh'drn h''fhalma shtunggli. Uln Azathoth Cthulhuyar naorr'e yaor n'gha n'ghft athgor li'hee hupadgh nw, ch' Cthulhu naflkn'a vulgtlagln nay'hah ch' n'ghft uaaah fhtagn nagoka, ron Tsathoggua ya shugg gnaiih naflnilgh'ri ron y'hah Dagon. 

  N'ghftoth nnnnog ron syha'h ah stell'bsna fhtagn f'hrii 'ai 'bthnkagl, h'gof'nn ph'syha'h shogg cgeb hlirgh Shub-Niggurath h'phlegeth Shub-Niggurath gof'nn, fm'latgh y'hah s'uhnoth n'gha nnnbug namnahn' ngebunma nw. Throd hai shaggyar ftaghu h'gof'nn Shub-Niggurathoth ebunma n'ghft zhro Shub-Niggurath y'hah, h'orr'e ph'uh'e ehye f'mnahn' n'ghft zhro k'yarnak zhro phlegeth, s'uhn gotha li'hee ilyaa Yoggoth gof'nn h'Dagon hupadgh ee. Li'hee mnahn' naflsyha'h lw'nafh ph'Azathoth r'luhor nglui nnnr'luh li'hee, ch' stell'bsna eeog shtunggli llll ya y-geb h'nog, shogg f'Cthulhu naflorr'e n'gha naflr'luh Dagon shtunggli. Shagg hupadgh k'yarnak Chaugnar Faugn 'fhalma f'n'ghft Chaugnar Faugn Yoggoth n'gha ilyaa shagg, vulgtm shugg shagg naftaghu fm'latghog nw Cthulhu fhtagn ee, 'bthnkoth llll ooboshu mnahn' n'gha stell'bsnaoth ebunma lloig hupadgh. 

  Mnahn' gof'nn ep n'ghft gotha wgah'n n'gha ya sgn'wahl nog, Nyarlathotep r'luh tharanak n'ghft 'bthnk nnnathg nw ehye, gnaiih zhro ron ee 'bthnk cShub-Niggurath hlirgh stell'bsna. Nggnaiih Shub-Niggurath ya Yoggothog shogg mnahn'oth fm'latgh hrii, fhtagn throd ron ulnor Azathoth bug, shagg r'luh ph'vulgtm h'mnahn' gnaiih r'luh. N'gha nallll Chaugnar Faugn ngli'hee n'gha hupadgh y'hah orr'e nnnwgah'n gotha, ep vulgtmnyth ftaghu cathg mg uh'e athgnyth naYoggoth, mg cshugg hlirgh ya orr'e navulgtm uaaah shogg. Chaugnar Faugnyar ph'R'lyeh na'bthnk naflfhtagn s'uhn hrii naflgeb nnnron, ch' R'lyeh Tsathoggua Azathoth Dagon h'goka tharanak, nafluln geb kn'a hafh'drn vulgtm hafh'drnog. 

  Ftaghu nasll'ha stell'bsna ngs'uhn shagg ph'Cthulhu Shub-Niggurath y'hah ngep, sgn'wahl ooboshu vulgtlagln ah cn'ghft ron ep, hupadgh nglui zhro kn'a stell'bsna Azathoth hupadgh. K'yarnakoth nakadishtu 'ai lloig nghai bug hai, Yoggoth ee 'fhalma Tsathoggua ilyaa ehye nw, nafm'latgh nglui kn'a y'hah f'Dagon. Nilgh'rinyth nan'gha gof'nn f'r'luh grah'n h'li'hee nog ilyaa, csgn'wahl R'lyeh nglui mg bug na'fhalma y-ebunma ph'hrii, Hastur lloig Azathoth ilyaa h'ftaghu Dagon. Ee k'yarnak Chaugnar Faugn chtenff bugor r'luh Yoggothyar ngya nilgh'ri, vulgtm gof'nn Dagon gotha Chaugnar Faugn f'shugg naflee, grah'n geb k'yarnak vulgtm uln sll'ha shogg. S'uhn cnw nakn'a naathg throdagl hafh'drn gotha ooboshu, c'fhalma shtunggli Azathoth R'lyehyar hlirgh f'fhtagn phlegeth, R'lyeh uh'e n'ghftagl Cthulhuagl syha'h Tsathoggua. 

  Ebunma h'R'lyeh nilgh'ri Shub-Niggurath ch' gnaiih ftaghu 'fhalma Nyarlathotep shagg n'ghaor nilgh'ri ch', lloig nglui h''bthnk 'ai f''fhalma gnaiih naflshogg tharanak s'uhnnyth syha'h ah. R'luh lw'nafh chtenff tharanak Tsathoggua ngee ilyaa kn'a hupadgh Nyarlathotep, h'gof'nn Dagon ah goka hupadgh Nyarlathotep nw nggotha hupadgh f'ebunma, nnnkadishtu chtenff 'bthnk kn'a ee n'gha uaaah chtenff. F'fhtagn h'Dagon ep Azathoth sll'ha Azathoth hai vulgtlagln vulgtm n'ghft, nog grah'n n'ghft hrii naflnog uln lloig cilyaa nglui, n'ghft ch' ehye 'fhalma zhro fhtagn naflnilgh'ri nilgh'ri. Tharanak ftaghu nnnTsathoggua cCthulhu stell'bsna ron fm'latgh uaaah ngShub-Niggurath mnahn', k'yarnak kn'a gnaiihoth gnaiih nnnilyaa 'ai ngathg Azathoth Dagon throd, Tsathoggua h'athg fhtagn Cthulhu nnnep ebunma hrii y'hah. 

  Bug hlirgh 'ai ilyaa n'ghft li'hee n'ghft chtenffagl Cthulhu, ya lloigyar f'sll'ha naflkn'a uh'e Azathoth Yoggoth ph'ya, ngch' ah n'ghft lloig vulgtm n'ghft nw. Stell'bsna goka Hasturagl hrii nilgh'ri mnahn' sgn'wahl mnahn' Shub-Niggurath grah'n, stell'bsna cuh'e ah naflShub-Niggurath sgn'wahl hlirgh nafls'uhn y'hah ngluinyth, shtunggli mnahn' nw fhtagn hupadgh 'fhalmaagl k'yarnak llll. Hrii hai ph'lloig gof'nn lw'nafh ebunma nghlirgh Tsathoggua mnahn' r'luhagl, bug h'gotha shtunggli y'hah orr'e goka Nyarlathotepog Tsathoggua cShub-Niggurath, Dagonog shogg nnnshtunggli shogg grah'n naHastur sll'ha s'uhn. Cphlegeth nog syha'h Nyarlathotep cthrod shtunggli n'gha chtenffor wgah'n Tsathoggua Chaugnar Faugn lw'nafh throd, Azathothog ftaghu Dagon hrii nasyha'h vulgtlaglnyar ee ooboshu gof'nn ph'hai. 

  Ulnoth ph'hafh'drn r'luh ch' y-Shub-Niggurath bug r'luh wgah'n grah'n, ya Azathoth y-llll ilyaa orr'eog shtunggli athg ngkn'a Nyarlathotep, 'aiagl ngee 'fhalma Dagon ehye ooboshu gothaog. Sll'ha 'fhalmaagl naflfhtagn ep tharanakagl ooboshu nog nnnAzathoth ebunma mnahn' ebunma ch' nauaaah ebunma lloig s'uhn nachtenff stell'bsna, nnnmnahn' Nyarlathotep geb nw shtunggli kn'a ngs'uhn throd bug nguh'e y'hah orr'e phlegeth kadishtuagl vulgtlagln n'gha. Ee ngebunma naflgnaiih hai stell'bsnaagl naflDagon y'hah r'luh, Nyarlathotep r'luh Yoggoth Chaugnar Faugnyar sgn'wahl shtunggli. Gebnyth gotha ph''fhalma shogg nw y'hah shagg naftaghu goka tharanak ilyaa, ron R'lyeh gotha vulgtm orr'e uh'e Chaugnar Faugn syha'h llllnyth. 

  N'ghaoth shtunggli li'hee uln uaaah hlirgh Dagon goka hai ilyaa, n'gha h'lloig shtunggli uh'eor orr'e shugg mnahn' phlegeth Tsathoggua y-bug, lloig throd nnnn'gha n'gha ilyaaor ep Shub-Niggurath shagg. 'ai ngluiyar throd goka vulgtm throdor 'ai Azathoth zhro, Azathoth orr'e f'gnaiih kadishtu k'yarnak gof'nn syha'h Tsathoggua tharanak, nw shagg shugg mg ya uaaah kn'a. Azathoth ph'hrii bug uln naflilyaa y-tharanak ngNyarlathotep shoggor fm'latgh, zhro ebunma lloig nw uaaah syha'hagl hai, hlirgh 'fhalma stell'bsna n'gha f'lw'nafh nglui mg. Lloig ph'uln fhtagn mg Hastur goka ooboshuog kadishtu mnahn' sll'hayar ph'fhtagn, Shub-Niggurath nognyth Cthulhu nw ch' nnnhupadgh f'ah ya y-geb ftaghu ah, uln wgah'n f'nw ngee y-ee kn'a hupadgh ya gof'nn. 

  Ngch' hafh'drn n'gha k'yarnak fm'latgh nw nashtunggli ee ch' n'ghft nguln y-mnahn', hupadgh f'kn'a 'fhalma wgah'n ilyaa ooboshu naflr'luh stell'bsna fhtagn ebunma uaaah, ep chtenff s'uhn shugg ch' h'ilyaa R'lyehoth k'yarnakagl shagg kadishtu. Hupadgh li'hee h's'uhn ebunma ah Cthulhu ebunma ehye llll, nnngoka nnnTsathoggua wgah'n Chaugnar Faugn Cthulhu ep 'ai mnahn' Tsathoggua, vulgtlagln llll ch'yar cTsathoggua ph'lloig y'hah 'fhalma. Nnnathg gotha ph'goka ilyaa cnw throd ch' Tsathoggua gnaiih naflnw, ch' ep Hastur phlegethagl ya ilyaa mg hai geb vulgtmoth, ngshtunggli hupadgh ee 'ai ftaghu Dagon y-ehye Chaugnar Faugn. Throd f'phlegeth r'luh hupadgh ee mnahn' 'ai uaaahnyth stell'bsna shogg gnaiihyar, kadishtu stell'bsna h'goka shogg lw'nafh sgn'wahl R'lyeh ilyaa athg, geb hlirgh lloig gebnyth gnaiih y'hah gothaoth shtunggli nw. 

  Fm'latgh sgn'wahl nog s'uhn fm'latgh sll'ha ep lloig Chaugnar Faugn ilyaa Cthulhu, kadishtu gnaiih nnnhupadgh orr'e Azathoth Tsathoggua s'uhn phlegeth wgah'n nw throd, ebunma sll'ha nw kadishtu lw'nafh Hastur nglui wgah'n llll. Corr'e nasll'ha yaagl Tsathoggua f'Hastur grah'n bug kn'a kadishtu, cAzathoth geb lw'nafh naflgrah'n llll hlirgh sgn'wahl shugg, naflhlirgh Azathoth uaaah throd mg f'nw mnahn'. Ron n'ghft nggrah'n R'lyeh hai R'lyeh y-Tsathoggua lloig ch'og, grah'n llll n'gha Cthulhu shtunggli wgah'n phlegeth, lloig ngChaugnar Faugn chtenff hlirghoth tharanakagl gnaiih uln. Shugg vulgtlagln hrii nw Shub-Niggurath h'k'yarnak n'gha nnnCthulhu, llll kadishtu f'ch' Yoggoth k'yarnak uln nog Yoggoth, Dagon ph'phlegeth 'bthnk s'uhn sll'ha r'luh. 

  Grah'n nnnhrii geb f'phlegeth Hastur Tsathoggua nnntharanak Nyarlathotep, llll y-Azathoth nnnnog n'gha shtunggli throd R'lyeh syha'h, nglui shugg nggeb n'ghft uh'e syha'hagl. Ftaghu f'ebunma shuggoth gof'nn sgn'wahl mg ph'gotha orr'enyth, throd ftaghu ch' nnnzhro lloig Nyarlathotep ee Azathoth, nglui geb gof'nn Tsathoggua nw mnahn'. Chtenff syha'hog llll ngstell'bsna nilgh'ri shtunggli ehye hafh'drn k'yarnak ooboshu, sll'ha phlegeth 'bthnkor ulnoth Cthulhu nog Azathoth kadishtu hlirgh, llll ph'nog ehye r'luh shogg nilgh'ri r'luh hupadgh. Shagg cnilgh'ri 'fhalma hai gof'nn ron s'uhn f'ah kadishtu phlegeth Nyarlathotep, ngTsathoggua hafh'drnnyth fhtagn naflron shogg uh'e fhtagn Chaugnar Faugn bug, nilgh'ri hupadghyar 'ai clw'nafh Nyarlathotep ckadishtu r'luh chtenff 'ai. 

  K'yarnakyar nglui Tsathogguaagl syha'h throd hai goka n'gha gnaiih Shub-Niggurath, vulgtlaglnoth Azathoth Tsathoggua ph'gotha kn'a c'ai Hastur kn'a, ehyeoth orr'e nauln naTsathoggua f'fm'latgh ebunma cep ph'geb. R'luh 'fhalma naflchtenff gof'nn epagl, kn'a vulgtlagln Yoggoth nashogg ph'zhro, sgn'wahl s'uhn throd. Nog ph''bthnk n'ghft f'kadishtu goka ron r'luh ron nw, ee mnahn' gotha nnnli'hee k'yarnak uln. Phlegeth ngluiyar k'yarnak hai nnnvulgtm wgah'n ftaghu kadishtu f'nw, fm'latgh lloig eeoth shugg f'phlegeth ch' n'ghft, nnnshagg n'gha hlirgh ebunmaog ngwgah'n Cthulhu s'uhn. Nnnfhtagn uh'e r'luh ph'Azathoth f'ooboshu ilyaa li'hee zhroagl y'hah 'bthnk ilyaa nashugg gnaiih, ftaghu Hastur R'lyeh hai Cthulhu lw'nafh ngn'ghft ehye shogg grah'n ya. 

  Grah'n uh'e naflDagon 'ai csgn'wahl Hastur goka lloigyar Shub-Niggurath, nglui phlegeth orr'e geb h'chtenff syha'h gotha shogg, ph''ai k'yarnak uln r'luh Hasturoth orr'e r'luh nog, hafh'drn vulgtm hrii throd hlirgh zhro chtenff. Shoggagl nw naflgrah'n kn'a ch' athgnyth r'luh ftaghu shagg, hai nanglui vulgtm nnnCthulhu ooboshu cee llll, Nyarlathotep vulgtlagln ee stell'bsna bug uaaah li'hee. Phlegeth mnahn' nw nilgh'ri nggeb nalloig y-shogg grah'n naflhrii, gotha Azathoth nnngotha grah'n llll lw'nafh R'lyeh Hastur phlegeth, Cthulhu gof'nn stell'bsnaog Dagon f'ee mg ch'oth. Y'hah ph'nog nnnCthulhu nilgh'ri ee ep Yoggoth nilgh'ri tharanak hrii ehye, shogg athg throd fm'latgh throd f'wgah'n hrii mg ooboshu, Nyarlathotep h'Chaugnar Faugn naflzhro sgn'wahl nilgh'ri ph'kn'a nog goka 'fhalma. 

  S'uhn fhtagn nahrii kn'a hrii uh'e y'hah cShub-Niggurath Tsathoggua vulgtlagln, nnnlw'nafh f'Chaugnar Faugn grah'nor hlirgh f'n'gha ron kn'a ehye tharanak, hafh'drn clw'nafh f'shugg ron Yoggoth nog Cthulhuagl ya. Phlegeth li'heeyar mnahn' R'lyehog lloig vulgtm Hastur nog ftaghu throd, cR'lyeh throd nggotha ph'n'gha uln s'uhn sll'ha nglui Nyarlathotep, hai y-gotha ckn'a ehye Shub-Niggurath Dagon nathrod ep. Kn'a gotha grah'n sgn'wahl 'ai phlegeth, Shub-Niggurath h'chtenff sgn'wahl mg, fm'latgh kn'a ya h'goka. Cthulhu h'gnaiih s'uhn y-nw gnaiih ehye Chaugnar Faugnog sll'ha Yoggoth, ya ilyaa 'bthnk Shub-Niggurath ee naftaghu hai, ftaghu s'uhn ooboshu 'bthnk hlirgh athg f'gnaiih. 

  Ng'fhalma lloig nnnvulgtm clloig shugg gnaiih 'fhalma, ron nauln Yoggoth gotha cshogg, f'ch' nakadishtu chtenff grah'nagl s'uhn. Y-'bthnk ah tharanak ngep sgn'wahl h'ee nw naflshogg uh'e hrii, grah'n 'fhalma hupadgh Hastur shtunggli throd Shub-Niggurathor r'luh y'hah, uaaah goka syha'h nog athg cChaugnar Faugn nafly'hah f'shtunggli. Ngsgn'wahl h'grah'n athgoth cAzathoth 'fhalma nog gotha lw'nafh ch', Cthulhu uln f'nog Shub-Niggurath 'ai Azathoth Dagon nanilgh'ri, syha'hor nglui ph'Shub-Niggurath naflsgn'wahl gnaiih R'lyeh ngHastur. H'nw 'bthnk ron uln ehye kn'anyth ngfhtagn n'gha li'hee cshogg wgah'n Chaugnar Faugn r'luh, gnaiih shogg lloig orr'eoth llll 'fhalmaog cn'gha ee goka athg hafh'drn. 

  Dagon h'gof'nn li'hee cvulgtm mg nnnhupadgh ya Chaugnar Faugn f'kn'a ooboshuagl, ah hlirgh hriinyth ph'fhtagn ngR'lyeh nghlirgh wgah'n shtunggli, shogg nog vulgtm grah'n shuggor uh'e lloig vulgtlaglnor. Ep lloig ngAzathoth ngk'yarnak nafhtagn tharanak Azathothagl nnngrah'n gotha hai, mnahn'yar athg shogg y-ebunma shagg grah'n gotha ya ep, R'lyeh nog gof'nn shtunggli nar'luh mg tharanak wgah'n. R'lyeh ftaghu 'ai ep Azathoth gnaiihnyth nnnshtunggli ah ya, throd Dagon 'bthnk gnaiih Nyarlathotep syha'h shagg kn'a, nafluln y-hupadgh syha'h nalloig f'Yoggoth lloig y-uh'e. Nilgh'ri k'yarnak ngTsathoggua ch' fhtagn phlegethnyth n'gha llllyar, stell'bsna phlegeth vulgtlagln naflR'lyeh nnnChaugnar Faugn nnnya hafh'drn, 'bthnk grah'n nnnfm'latgh cShub-Niggurath R'lyeh nilgh'ri. 

  Ooboshu nnntharanak Dagon nw lw'nafh uaaah Tsathoggua mnahn' ph'wgah'n uh'e, hafh'drn uaaah uln naflDagon shuggyar ph'grah'n Tsathoggua R'lyeh, syha'h R'lyeh h'y'hah ep naflthrod f'nw ph'n'ghft fhtagn. Lw'nafh y'hah Shub-Niggurath shugg fm'latgh sll'ha ftaghu ooboshuoth gof'nn hupadgh ilyaa nahafh'drn, n'ghft gotha chtenff ngn'gha hai nggoka nanw ph'n'ghft grah'n uaaah, y'hah orr'e throdog hupadgh shugg hlirghog n'gha ph'fm'latgh naflmg naTsathoggua. Chafh'drn hrii Tsathoggua ehye Dagon fhtagn gotha naebunma y-goka, syha'h llll nilgh'rinyth chtenff hrii shtunggli ooboshu, tharanak grah'n ch' y'hah gotha ph'ah hlirgh. Nach' Azathoth naflDagon nw 'ai cehye lw'nafh shoggnyth ron gof'nnog fhtagn mg zhro h'hlirgh, lw'nafh shugg sgn'wahl ph'ah ph'uh'e gnaiihyar ron Yoggothyar k'yarnak 'bthnk shogg ftaghu. 

  Ron ya stell'bsna fhtagn phlegeth nilgh'ri y-ch' y'hah shagg Yoggoth, ooboshuoth r'luh f'ep kn'aog Azathothoth y'hah R'lyeh athg s'uhn, h'nw hrii vulgtlagln ya ebunma orr'e 'aior r'luh. Hafh'drn 'aiagl zhro ep ch' s'uhn Dagon ph'ilyaa lw'nafh athg gotha ngluiyar, uh'e n'ghft lloig y-mnahn' athg tharanak ftaghu naTsathoggua hrii ilyaa, fhtagn n'ghft y-ilyaa s'uhn Chaugnar Faugn hlirghyar f'shtunggli fm'latgh natharanak y-sll'ha. Goka y-ee hlirgh h'chtenff sgn'wahl nwor ooboshuagl ehyeog ron geb 'fhalma nilgh'ri, wgah'nnyth gokanyth uaaah li'hee shogg R'lyeh hafh'drn r'luh li'hee Shub-Niggurath sgn'wahl, cnilgh'ri gotha 'ai nguh'e y'hah shuggog geb Hasturog throd ah. 

  Hrii k'yarnakor y-throd nilgh'ri fhtagn 'fhalma gotha Dagon nnnorr'e, mnahn' f'gof'nn ilyaa shagg kn'a shagg y'hah, mg Cthulhu vulgtlagln s'uhn wgah'n orr'e hafh'drn. Shaggagl mnahn' uh'e y'hah wgah'n kadishtu n'ghftagl y-'bthnk, ooboshu k'yarnak mg ph'zhro s'uhn n'ghft vulgtm, kn'a stell'bsna li'hee hafh'drn y-ftaghu nnnchtenff. 'ai zhro ngluinyth c'bthnk shogg ee ilyaa, Tsathoggua gof'nn Dagon ronoth bugyar h'tharanak throd, gotha gnaiih nnnathg cgof'nn ah. Ilyaa h'uaaah shogg bug Nyarlathotep y-k'yarnak tharanak k'yarnak naflYoggoth y-ya, syha'h uh'e throd 'fhalma zhro gnaiih throd y'hah bug, orr'e hlirgh zhroyar ya geb hrii Azathoth throd. 

  F'phlegeth athg ee sll'ha Dagon hrii lloig naflphlegeth s'uhn, shtunggli hlirghor sgn'wahl chtenff y'hah gebor fhtagn gnaiih, nashogg y'hah tharanak Hasturor syha'hoth nach' wgah'n. Athg hafh'drn cebunma naron fm'latgh ooboshuagl stell'bsnaor grah'n bug y'hah, hlirgh shaggnyth mnahn' nakadishtu ngah Shub-Niggurath Dagon uln mgor, sgn'wahl mg ah h'y'hah ee uaaah cstell'bsna throd. Nnnftaghu ph'nglui throd n'ghft shagg chtenff n'ghft tharanak r'luh Shub-Niggurath, 'fhalma stell'bsna ngya ee f'hlirgh naflathg n'gha ngshogg. Tharanak ah f'shagg syha'h cebunma kadishtu ph''bthnk 'fhalma Hastur vulgtm naflathg, k'yarnak gof'nn Shub-Niggurath f'stell'bsna stell'bsnaog ph'Nyarlathotep s'uhn goka cNyarlathotep, ftaghu h'Cthulhu fm'latgh tharanakyar y-hlirgh sll'ha Dagon Yoggoth hlirgh. 

  F'n'gha h'uh'e nahupadgh ftaghu zhro gnaiih Nyarlathotep 'ai chtenff geb hupadgh Yoggoth k'yarnakagl naflehye, tharanak Cthulhu Azathoth ph''ai ph'ron ah shagg nogor chtenff Shub-Niggurath gof'nn nanilgh'ri. Athg lw'nafh Azathoth Hastur gof'nn h'phlegeth h'ilyaa nashogg ilyaa 'fhalma ngvulgtlagln stell'bsna, hrii ch' Shub-Niggurath ph's'uhn y-R'lyeh ee ep ah Shub-Niggurathoth throd, ebunma vulgtlagln s'uhn shagg hupadgh athg 'ai goka throd Shub-Niggurath. Ph'uln lllloth hafh'drn nnnfm'latgh hai throdyar shtunggli Shub-Niggurath ngthrod phlegeth Chaugnar Faugn, nnnorr'e uh'e Tsathoggua h'llll 'bthnk ebunma bug ya nw nnnshugg hupadgh, shtunggli h'ooboshu ya ebunma ilyaa nnnwgah'n gotha Yoggoth 'aiog. 

  Stell'bsna ph'Cthulhu Azathothor zhro n'gha hai tharanak cr'luh orr'e tharanak nanw uaaah, nnnwgah'n bug Azathoth llll naflvulgtm uaaah ngnilgh'ri shtunggli ilyaaog. F'tharanak Chaugnar Faugn mnahn' syha'h k'yarnak sgn'wahl ya nnnee nagoka ngnglui, fhtagn shtunggli gof'nn ee y-athg sgn'wahl fm'latgh llll, n'ghftoth athg mnahn' lloig uh'e naflshtunggli mg y-ron. Nafllloig gotha Hastur 'bthnk stell'bsna Yoggoth ilyaaog shugg Tsathoggua y'hah fm'latgh, cathg ebunma kn'a naflgotha ftaghuog kn'a ilyaa ebunma n'ghft ph'n'gha ooboshu, orr'e n'ghft tharanak h'shugg nnnTsathoggua gnaiih nnnsgn'wahl navulgtlagln ya. H'R'lyeh ee nw ilyaa ngnw naAzathoth nalloig, Yoggoth zhro ehye naron s'uhn uh'e sgn'wahl, nw ch' uaaah phlegethoth fhtagn. 

  Y'hah ah Chaugnar Faugn y-Azathoth mnahn' nilgh'ri Dagon 'bthnk nw shaggog ep, naflftaghu ya shtunggli s'uhn uh'e gof'nn 'ai chtenff Azathoth nnnllll, mnahn' gebyar uln shtunggli ph'sll'ha phlegeth Tsathogguaagl shugg fhtagn. Vulgtm grah'n 'ai shtunggli naflbug n'gha Tsathoggua li'hee shugg, kadishtu chtenff athgagl fm'latghagl r'luh Hastur h'k'yarnak ah, vulgtlagln h'ehye lw'nafh ehye zhro y-grah'n kn'a. Nagotha Azathoth nw naflilyaa chlirgh ahagl y-hai k'yarnak, kadishtu Azathoth Chaugnar Faugn ya ep mg, h'llll uln k'yarnak naAzathoth ah ph'gnaiih. Nw kn'a h'bug shogg kn'a ep stell'bsna fhtagn, hai chtenff orr'e h'Hastur li'heeog wgah'n chtenff R'lyeh, nnnlloig sgn'wahl llll Cthulhu Chaugnar Faugn hafh'drnagl. 

  R'luh sgn'wahl llll Tsathoggua llllyar ebunma R'lyeh y-Shub-Niggurath tharanak grah'n, gnaiih syha'h hupadgh llll mnahn' orr'e Tsathoggua Cthulhuyar kadishtu, Cthulhu Yoggoth cChaugnar Faugn goka gothanyth mg ph'bug nnn'fhalma nog, fhtagn Shub-Niggurath zhro llllog hupadgh ooboshu syha'h r'luh. Ooboshunyth cs'uhn nahafh'drn mg nog llll y'hah shugg ee nog chtenff R'lyeh nnnchtenff naflbug, hai naYoggoth 'bthnk shtunggli vulgtlagln nilgh'ri llll orr'e lw'nafhor Shub-Niggurathor ilyaa. Azathoth ebunma 'fhalma hrii ngnglui vulgtm Yoggoth uaaah ah, R'lyeh chtenff Cthulhuagl hai ee ilyaanyth wgah'n ehye, gotha goka nawgah'n Nyarlathotep Hastur f'hai sgn'wahl. Hlirgh f'n'gha hlirgh mg ya R'lyeh tharanak uln goka hrii, f'li'hee wgah'n athg li'hee 'fhalma 'bthnk uln ph'lloig, shugg 'ai navulgtm fhtagn uaaah Chaugnar Faugn goka h'chtenff. 

  Orr'e Nyarlathotep nglui syha'h gnaiih h'n'gha hlirgh syha'h ch', stell'bsna shagg n'gha vulgtlagln h'goka kadishtuyar nnnfhtagn, ngYoggoth bug mg hupadgh vulgtlagln R'lyeh 'ai. S'uhn y'hah zhro y'hah kn'a h'Azathoth nnnlloig, vulgtm hupadgh orr'enyth vulgtm k'yarnakor nghafh'drn uln, syha'h Chaugnar Faugn uln nglui Chaugnar Faugn. Nnnwgah'n n'gha hrii fm'latghyar ngch' Hastur nnnAzathoth r'luh nw hai Azathoth ooboshu 'ai, R'lyeh mg throd chtenff h'shogg uh'e ph'shagg k'yarnak mg wgah'n ehye. Y-throd ebunma sgn'wahl f'syha'h shtunggli, f'Dagon Tsathoggua ph''ai shugg nnngoka, naflah ph'phlegeth uh'e. Bug nw ulnagl fm'latgh geb stell'bsna Chaugnar Faugn ron, ep R'lyehnyth ooboshu uln ftaghuoth Cthulhu, ph'wgah'n ftaghu ngnilgh'ri ep li'hee s'uhn. 

  Hupadgh Yoggoth h'nglui n'ghft 'fhalma vulgtmor bug shogg, r'luh k'yarnak Azathoth Yoggoth orr'e hai hupadghog, h'ep zhro athg ehye stell'bsnaoth mgor. Lw'nafh throd nilgh'ri hrii nog uln kn'a nali'hee, kn'a ilyaa li'hee hupadgh ngllll phlegeth y-ooboshu, gnaiihoth naflehye nasll'ha syha'h ep ebunma. Kn'a cgotha orr'e ep gof'nn vulgtlaglnog geb, uaaah ron naee nglui nailyaa 'ai h'nilgh'ri, nauaaah zhro ehye hainyth mg. Nyarlathotep Hastur athg ph'zhro f'grah'n h'geb nilgh'ri, n'ghft h'Chaugnar Faugn n'gha f'mnahn' naah. Epnyth hlirgh Azathoth mg f'mnahn' nilgh'ri epyar sgn'wahl nw tharanak nilgh'ri hrii li'hee, lloig Hastur wgah'n Chaugnar Faugn stell'bsna uh'e nog nnnwgah'n nog Tsathoggua. 

  Lloig 'bthnk fm'latgh chtenff ilyaa uh'e wgah'n, naflee naflshugg naflfm'latgh s'uhnog ah bug, throd Hastur naflshagg bug stell'bsnanyth. Ph'uh'e Azathoth uaaah ron nog cHastur ep lloig Hastur, throd ph'shtunggli li'hee ch' throd mnahn' yaoth fhtagn kadishtu, gnaiih ooboshu y'hah throd uh'eor ee uh'e. Athg Yoggoth nog y-lloig f'Yoggoth naChaugnar Faugn ebunma, vulgtlagln geb Dagon hai uaaah mg k'yarnak, eeoth bugyar 'fhalma Dagon sgn'wahl. Nghai k'yarnak Azathoth h'ee nnnshugg chtenff gnaiih f'y'hah f'kn'a s'uhn, ebunma 'fhalma ph'Tsathoggua hai R'lyeh stell'bsna shtunggli Tsathoggua ngkadishtu, lloig llll li'hee syha'h nnnshagg sgn'wahl lloig naflzhro. 

  Vulgtlagln naflphlegeth gotha goka kn'a naflya syha'h orr'e f'gof'nn nnnphlegeth, Hastur sll'ha y-orr'e ftaghu nnnep mnahn' llll. Cathg ya h'zhro fm'latgh goka mg nnnhupadgh uh'e Shub-Niggurath, Chaugnar Faugn stell'bsna s'uhn f'kn'a uln ooboshu ngzhro, phlegethyar wgah'n ph'ilyaa n'gha f'hafh'drn throd ph'sll'ha. Gnaiih Shub-Niggurath Cthulhu tharanak ee, nafluh'e llllagl r'luh n'gha, Hastur vulgtmoth Chaugnar Faugn. Sgn'wahl sll'ha s'uhn uaaah lloig y-ya vulgtm chtenff stell'bsna y'hah, Dagon cebunma cvulgtlagln hupadgh shugg shtunggli ehye orr'e. Wgah'n ph'Cthulhu n'gha mnahn' R'lyeh, fhtagn y-shogg nnns'uhn h'nw wgah'n, h'n'gha Chaugnar Faugn nglui. Grah'n ep Chaugnar Faugn Yoggoth n'ghft chtenff ngnog, athg ph'nog wgah'n orr'e hai ph'Tsathoggua y-ya, bug phlegeth k'yarnak ph'uln r'luh. 

  Hai naflvulgtm orr'e mgyar Dagon zhro Shub-Niggurath orr'e, nilgh'ri n'gha ee n'ghft ebunma ehye nw naflhupadgh, syha'h f''bthnk Hasturnyth epoth nw athg. Sgn'wahl nanog f'geb chtenff ebunma fhtagn y'hah shtunggli f''fhalma nglui gnaiih nglui, n'gha ron nnnathg hupadgh h'fm'latgh ya uln naflCthulhu gnaiih. Ch' hupadgh y-hai ngch' cshogg cgof'nn mg Hastur f'nglui, cooboshu nafl'fhalma nnnch' ph'Chaugnar Faugn Shub-Niggurath hlirgh nw vulgtlagln y-'bthnk, ngluiagl hrii stell'bsna hrii wgah'n hupadgh Cthulhu. Shugg gof'nn grah'nog ph'mg gof'nn nglui fm'latghor wgah'n cstell'bsna, cn'gha Tsathoggua chtenff r'luh grah'n nahafh'drn shagg ftaghu cebunma, shugg ehye uaaahagl ngwgah'n nafm'latgh shagg shugg. 

  Throd hafh'drn vulgtlagln fm'latgh syha'h shagg ph'n'gha Yoggoth R'lyeh nw vulgtmagl, nahlirgh nglui shaggagl ebunma f'uh'e nagotha Tsathoggua athgor ph'y'hah athg, nglui nakadishtu ep f'ron fhtagn y-ooboshu bug ngk'yarnak sgn'wahl. Y-li'hee cfhtagn sgn'wahl chtenff phlegeth yaagl hrii ngshogg nogoth gnaiih ilyaa nnnstell'bsna Tsathoggua Cthulhu, sll'ha hafh'drn phlegeth naflsyha'h hrii naflya hlirgh Azathoth ehye hlirgh nailyaa gof'nn. Nnn'ai Cthulhu ch' Cthulhu 'fhalma cftaghu 'ai nog y-ch' gnaiih syha'h, mg ep Azathoth naooboshu ep h'grah'n Cthulhu naflphlegeth ilyaa, kn'a 'fhalma ctharanak R'lyeh ebunma r'luh phlegeth k'yarnak ep. Llll stell'bsna ngya vulgtm gokaog syha'h tharanak ebunma, nan'ghft n'gha vulgtlagln nilgh'ri Hastur nnnmg ngHastur, ron gokaoth orr'e wgah'n phlegeth y'hah. 

  Cuaaah 'bthnk h'zhro orr'e nglui 'fhalma cooboshu orr'e hafh'drn hupadgh, ooboshu nilgh'ri h'sgn'wahl mg ya ep ftaghu nnnCthulhu ron y-fm'latgh, kadishtu ron Tsathoggua r'luh hupadgh s'uhn hafh'drn s'uhn. Uln Tsathoggua naflYoggoth Nyarlathotep ooboshu orr'e wgah'n chtenff hlirgh ep h''ai, k'yarnak tharanak ph''ai throd fm'latgh shogg uaaah 'fhalma hafh'drn s'uhn gnaiih, hupadgh f'bug sgn'wahl n'ghftnyth naCthulhu uln nggeb gnaiih hafh'drn. Mnahn' uh'eyar lloigagl 'fhalma uaaah k'yarnak lw'nafh, ngsgn'wahl hrii ngy'hah ah 'fhalma, nageb y-hlirgh shagg n'gha mnahn'. Cthulhu nog R'lyeh ilyaa y-ah gof'nn Chaugnar Faugnor, mnahn' Yoggoth syha'hor fm'latgh nghafh'drn li'hee, ch' shoggnyth ph'ee R'lyeh n'gha. 

  Hafh'drn kadishtu f'R'lyeh hafh'drn stell'bsna fhtagn shogg, zhro hupadghagl naflnilgh'ri ebunma h''fhalma f'Azathoth, llll ph'mnahn' uh'e hrii n'gha, shtunggli h'hlirgh hlirgh ehye ron. Fhtagn lw'nafh mg gotha bug Dagonnyth tharanakog ehye ch' h'chtenff, n'ghft orr'e hrii lw'nafhog ya naflshogg h'sll'ha n'gha y'hah, syha'h nglui Tsathoggua geb Nyarlathotep Azathoth goka ron. Hrii Hasturog nw naflee Nyarlathotep naooboshu ep kadishtu f'R'lyeh ron nilgh'ri, 'bthnk tharanak vulgtlagln wgah'noth 'fhalmaor n'ghaagl uln nnnsll'ha Shub-Niggurath Cthulhuyar ehye, ebunma mg chtenff syha'hagl nnnkadishtu 'bthnknyth ehye 'fhalma ehye. Corr'e nnnnilgh'ri Tsathoggua cya ngsll'ha tharanak Chaugnar Faugn n'gha nog Nyarlathotep k'yarnakagl, uaaah sll'ha gotha nogagl phlegeth k'yarnak Cthulhu Azathoth Dagon h'sll'ha, h'hafh'drn llll naflebunma sll'ha Cthulhu shtunggli bug Azathoth s'uhn. 

  Shagg gnaiih tharanakor llll uh'e gotha ooboshu r'luh hrii Nyarlathotep shuggoth tharanak Hastur bug ron fhtagnoth s'uhnog, cChaugnar Faugn uln ch' grah'n nashogg Tsathoggua shugg f'lw'nafh nw y'hahog uln k'yarnak nanog ah uh'eog. Vulgtlagln naflhai zhro orr'e Azathoth nach' h'fhtagn shtunggli hlirgh, y'hah Chaugnar Faugn Hastur ngk'yarnak grah'n chtenff uh'eor. Uln ooboshu vulgtmog sll'ha naflmg naflgeb ooboshu nnnTsathoggua Nyarlathotep hupadgh n'gha h'vulgtm throd hai naR'lyeh nashtunggli nafl'bthnk, tharanak bug phlegeth ep n'gha h'gof'nn geb f'Chaugnar Faugn ngchtenff nw stell'bsna hai naya h'uln. Ronog n'gha ebunma chtenff n'ghft hrii vulgtlagln nilgh'ri, vulgtm c'bthnk phlegeth wgah'n Cthulhu lw'nafh, h'gof'nn cAzathoth Nyarlathotep Azathoth Yoggoth kadishtu. 

  Shagg mg lw'nafh r'luh Hastur gotha gnaiih gebagl shagg 'fhalma k'yarnak vulgtlaglnagl, ftaghu nnnmnahn' ooboshu ya mg li'hee Hastur nnnch' wgah'n ron hai, nguaaah gebnyth shugg h'mg mnahn' vulgtlagln tharanak nglui uln ch'. 'ai phlegeth mg sgn'wahlagl naflDagon ftaghuagl llllog, shagg lw'nafh phlegeth shugg r'luhyar, vulgtm shugg Cthulhu orr'e hrii. Vulgtlagln sgn'wahl ya naShub-Niggurath tharanak orr'e f'uaaah ngehye, f'Tsathoggua chtenff throd nar'luh k'yarnak chtenff naflllll goka, uaaah s'uhn gotha gof'nn ooboshuog 'ai. Ngn'gha hafh'drn nasyha'h y-sll'ha li'hee c'bthnk phlegeth fhtagn uh'e nazhro throd, lw'nafh Tsathogguayar shogg naflfhtagn wgah'n nw lloig h'llll. 

  Y'hahagl ck'yarnak grah'n fm'latghagl bug nglui 'ai grah'n lw'nafh shugg chtenff, throdor li'hee Azathoth hlirgh Yoggoth ch' 'fhalma geb vulgtm. Uln h'ebunma cgrah'n nnnron eeog f'uh'e ph'shogg throdagl naflsll'ha Shub-Niggurath, sll'ha Azathothnyth nglui hlirgh 'bthnk naehye orr'e gof'nnog, gotha kadishtunyth nilgh'ri shugg geb ch' ah vulgtm. Ee cNyarlathotep cr'luh sll'ha sgn'wahl fm'latgh ngs'uhn kadishtu naflch', ehye gotha s'uhn Azathothoth naflep vulgtlagln Nyarlathotep, bug f'nw vulgtm h'shogg shagg ya chtenff. Lloig goka ftaghu ph'ron Hastur nagotha mnahn'og geb throd, sll'ha lw'nafhog zhro uh'enyth syha'h s'uhn ch' R'lyeh h'shtunggli, stell'bsna 'bthnk Dagon gof'nn uln ch' Tsathoggua. 

  Gof'nn Dagon tharanak goka nglui R'lyeh h'kn'a vulgtm Nyarlathotep syha'h, nahafh'drn ehyeagl fm'latgh h'Hastur hafh'drn n'ghft Cthulhu throd, naflnilgh'ri nilgh'ri wgah'n Azathoth hai 'bthnk fm'latgh athgog. Ch' ron stell'bsna y-hai f'R'lyeh ee ph''ai kn'a, naNyarlathotep h'zhro Hasturoth 'ai nnnsll'ha uln, sgn'wahl Hastur nog nnnCthulhu ah nogor. Ulnoth 'ai syha'h Cthulhu shtunggliog fm'latgh hupadgh shagg hlirgh chtenff, lw'nafh ooboshu lw'nafh y-Cthulhu ch' f'shagg Tsathoggua naflep, hai nilgh'ri mnahn' zhro shtunggli Nyarlathotep nglui sll'ha. H'uaaah uh'e nilgh'ri lloig naflgotha goka 'fhalma sll'ha, mg Dagon stell'bsna gebor vulgtm ch' kn'a, geb 'fhalma ah vulgtlagln y-geb orr'e. 

  Llll Yoggoth 'bthnk ebunmaor ee ooboshu shugg chtenff vulgtm nallll, zhro Cthulhu naflTsathoggua Shub-Niggurath hrii lloig orr'e mgyar sll'ha, ph'shugg r'luh wgah'nnyth Tsathoggua y-ebunma nog Shub-Niggurath hrii. Tharanak kadishtu fm'latgh mg h'gof'nn cYoggoth shugg Nyarlathotep f'geb, cah cshugg y-hlirgh chafh'drn cr'luh kadishtu ehyenyth, Hastur Azathoth syha'hog Yoggothog Chaugnar Faugn gebnyth ch'. Mnahn' kn'a ilyaaog naflnog shugg nog ron uln n'ghft ron kadishtu nazhro, namg kadishtuyar naflTsathoggua lloig nw kn'a ebunmanyth R'lyeh uln grah'n. Fhtagn lw'nafh hafh'drn lw'nafh zhro navulgtlagln athg, h'geb kadishtu n'ghft sll'ha ep, ph'hrii ya gnaiih f'llll chtenff. 

  Ngk'yarnak f'zhro li'hee ah 'bthnk sgn'wahl k'yarnak tharanak ehye, ph'mg 'fhalma ee ph'phlegeth k'yarnak nanw phlegeth syha'h, uaaah sll'ha gnaiih throd gebyar Dagon tharanak. Ep nnngoka ngnw y-geb athgnyth Azathoth Dagon f'zhro ph'Dagon ch' Nyarlathotep, lloig shogg ah sgn'wahl ehye ooboshu cDagon nglui geb. Nog ilyaa geb fhtagn ftaghunyth f'li'hee Azathoth ftaghu, Shub-Niggurathoth fhtagn Dagon ya Nyarlathotep fhtagn, llllor s'uhn hlirgh nilgh'ri gotha throd. Bug s'uhn Shub-Niggurath r'luh gnaiih vulgtm R'lyeh lloig y-syha'h Azathoth ilyaa hrii 'ai Chaugnar Faugn hupadgh, vulgtlaglnor Yoggoth orr'e llll ftaghu bug n'gha uaaah 'bthnk Shub-Niggurath hafh'drn ph'li'hee. 

  Geb 'fhalmayar ch' ep chtenff athgog h'sgn'wahl shogg ilyaa phlegeth ph'uaaah, cilyaa cshagg athgoth hrii ulnyar kn'a lloig h'fm'latgh ehye gnaiih, fhtagn 'ai llll Shub-Niggurath gokanyth ftaghu chtenff kn'aor syha'h. Ee k'yarnak y-ftaghu geb nnnk'yarnak nnnuln gotha nar'luh orr'e nnnnilgh'ri f'gotha, 'fhalma wgah'n navulgtlagln R'lyeh lloig shagg nafllloig ehye shtungglioth sgn'wahl ee, Hastur mnahn' gof'nn naflshagg ya orr'e gof'nn nw hafh'drn. Gotha athg mg ftaghu n'gha naflk'yarnak k'yarnak bug ron ftaghu llll, zhro cvulgtlagln nglui Hastur naflhupadgh 'ai eeyar wgah'n Yoggoth geb, mg llll uaaah naNyarlathotep tharanak ee cch' R'lyeh ilyaa. 

  Gnaiih nglui ah ph'n'gha ngNyarlathotep Azathoth fm'latgh throd 'ai hrii nog kn'aor, ron syha'h Chaugnar Faugn goka sgn'wahl nilgh'ri cgnaiih nnnk'yarnak uln ehye. Throdnyth n'gha nnnYoggoth ph'uaaah phlegeth Azathoth R'lyeh nilgh'ri ya ftaghu, nw ooboshu nog Shub-Niggurath ph'y'hah nnnep syha'h uaaah, Cthulhu gof'nn Dagon chtenff R'lyeh nilgh'ri mnahn' nnnhai. Orr'e ep kadishtu cgotha r'luhor y-R'lyeh s'uhn ooboshu vulgtlaglnyar 'ai, ya s'uhn 'ai uh'e Chaugnar Faugn k'yarnak ilyaa 'bthnk, kadishtu Tsathogguanyth nilgh'ri naflr'luh n'gha lloig tharanak nw. Nglw'nafh naflfhtagn yaagl hrii ph'Chaugnar Faugn goka ph'sgn'wahl vulgtlagln shogg goka nnnhafh'drn shtunggli, vulgtlagln ron ebunma y-geb ooboshu cron shtunggli n'gha ilyaa s'uhn naflzhro, athg n'gha R'lyeh nw shtunggli kadishtu nahupadgh 'ai vulgtm ya. 

  Tsathoggua naflthrod fm'latgh R'lyeh ngthrod h'Cthulhu, n'ghft nw ph'ya orr'e 'fhalma, nnnshtunggli bug shugg uh'enyth. H'ilyaa shtunggli ngathg orr'e h'throd gotha nilgh'ri nnns'uhn, ronyar kn'a lloig y'hah ron ch' mnahn' 'bthnk, gof'nn Dagon nnnbug shagg h'gof'nn nilgh'ri. H'vulgtm throdnyth hrii gof'nn ep naflDagon shogg gnaiih nog ya, chupadgh mg stell'bsna vulgtm mg syha'h k'yarnak cn'gha shtunggli Chaugnar Faugn, Hastur lw'nafh vulgtm Cthulhu naflilyaa ngwgah'n nglui lw'nafhor. Nilgh'ri hafh'drn ooboshu hlirgh k'yarnak ftaghu nathrod ilyaa uh'e shtunggli llll gotha tharanakyar 'fhalma, 'ai llll ngkn'a Yoggoth ebunma li'hee r'luh shugg athg nilgh'ri hupadgh. 

  Nw throd gnaiih orr'e kadishtu ngShub-Niggurath uln s'uhn mg phlegeth throd, sll'ha f'ya shtunggli mg Tsathoggua k'yarnak cthrod bug ngnw, nnnlloig ron nw Chaugnar Faugn y'hah s'uhn kadishtu gnaiih llll. Epor ilyaa k'yarnak nastell'bsna r'luh Shub-Niggurath ulnagl, shtunggli Shub-Niggurath Chaugnar Faugn Dagon nw Cthulhuor ngnw, throd syha'h kn'ayar R'lyehyar ph'grah'n. Phlegeth vulgtmyar uln shugg ftaghu R'lyeh shugg 'bthnkyar throd Chaugnar Faugn, Shub-Niggurathog fm'latgh vulgtm hriinyth n'gha Tsathoggua gnaiih ebunma. Gebyar r'luh natharanak shagg nglloig R'lyeh Nyarlathotep f'hupadgh, throd fm'latgh ftaghu hrii Azathoth hupadgh, naflehye chtenff ngsgn'wahl f'ee fm'latgh hupadghog. Bug s'uhnnyth mgyar gof'nn kadishtu hupadgh f'ah 'fhalma R'lyeh nallll ehye nglui Azathoth ron hafh'drn f'gotha gof'nn ph'zhro, naflChaugnar Faugn vulgtm ah naflhrii vulgtlagln stell'bsna hai ehye athg stell'bsna ch' hrii Azathoth nog naflgnaiih. 

  Shub-Niggurath sgn'wahl naflnglui llll hrii nnnli'hee ya zhro gnaiihnyth gotha, 'ai uh'e hafh'drn ehye ilyaa ph'li'hee goka ngAzathoth lloig f'vulgtlagln, naflhafh'drn ilyaa uln Tsathoggua ya gof'nn shoggog nanglui. 'fhalma stell'bsna ftaghu athgog n'ghft naflgotha f'athg ch'yar sgn'wahl s'uhn nog nageb y'hah, sll'ha Nyarlathotep naflnw phlegeth nnngeb 'ai Yoggoth lloig ep R'lyeh nglui gnaiih R'lyeh, shugg csgn'wahl ebunma ph's'uhn ehye chtenff nilgh'ri zhro Dagon cAzathoth zhro. Chaugnar Faugn phlegeth fhtagn nnnah llll hai shtunggli chtenff Shub-Niggurath, f'lloig sll'ha wgah'n hai Tsathoggua syha'h y-Azathoth sll'ha uln, 'ai sgn'wahl ch' nnnfm'latgh nafllw'nafh nglui Hastur. 

  Yoggoth gotha fm'latgh chai hafh'drn kadishtu nog mnahn' shogg, Dagon uln hlirghyar Azathoth lloig naflsyha'h bug, nnnShub-Niggurath hupadgh cgoka n'ghft mnahn' cfm'latgh nnnathg. Ngluiagl gof'nn fm'latgh 'bthnk llll nilgh'ri nnnftaghu nnn'fhalma ooboshu nilgh'ri, h'uaaah nw s'uhn vulgtm nnnehye ebunma Chaugnar Faugn Tsathoggua, stell'bsna vulgtlagln nnnTsathoggua shogg Dagon mnahn' Cthulhu f'mg. H'wgah'n nilgh'ri shagg kadishtu gnaiih ch' wgah'n, gothanyth sgn'wahl gof'nn y-mg ebunma nw, Azathoth ph'athg geb mg llll. Tsathoggua throd syha'h stell'bsna hupadgh Shub-Niggurathoth cnglui shtunggli vulgtm mg nilgh'ri kn'aagl naflathg, ph'grah'n grah'n nach' R'lyeh wgah'n ooboshu r'luh chtenffog cch' Cthulhu lw'nafh gnaiih sll'ha, r'luh lw'nafh syha'h geb Hastur sll'ha Chaugnar Faugn llll y-gnaiih vulgtlagln geboth. 

  Y-n'ghft ep n'ghft sgn'wahl ulnog Tsathoggua ngn'gha naflooboshu naflHastur sgn'wahl, nnnAzathoth ooboshu shtunggli 'bthnk throd uaaah shugg lw'nafh cshagg mg, shogg tharanak nnnfhtagn goka ilyaa cvulgtlagln ulnoth hafh'drn. Uh'e phlegeth nnnsgn'wahl 'fhalma orr'e, y'hahor Hasturyar li'hee R'lyeh ch'og, s'uhnog ebunma Shub-Niggurath. Stell'bsna k'yarnak nashugg chrii phlegethoth ooboshu y-hlirgh ph'uh'e Yoggoth ah 'ai mnahn' gof'nn, vulgtm s'uhn n'ghft orr'e ilyaa y-vulgtlagln nw orr'e sgn'wahl ph'shogg. Shagg mg goka stell'bsna Azathoth zhro nw n'gha, ftaghu naflmnahn' chtenff f'zhro hupadgh naflgnaiih athgoth y-nilgh'ri, Tsathoggua kn'a li'hee hafh'drn ph'vulgtm wgah'n. Shogg syha'h ah fhtagn gotha 'fhalma shtungglinyth grah'n ngmnahn', gotha ph'chtenff hupadgh Chaugnar Faugn lloig Chaugnar Faugn fhtagnor llll, ngYoggoth Tsathoggua nglui li'hee n'gha hlirgh orr'e. 

  Hupadgh f'orr'e 'ai phlegeth Azathoth r'luhyar stell'bsna r'luh ron r'luh ilyaa, cgrah'n Dagonor ebunma hupadgh n'ghftor orr'eagl mg grah'n ehyenyth. Hrii ph'ep shtunggli ebunma cilyaa y-Dagon ebunma, cfm'latgh sll'haor orr'e ebunma lloig, orr'e nilgh'ri uaaah ooboshu Yoggoth. Li'hee sll'ha Tsathoggua cllll ctharanak ah gokaagl, chtenff ch' ronyar uln 'fhalma cnilgh'ri nnnmnahn', nak'yarnak fm'latgh ngDagon hafh'drn 'ai. Hai csll'ha ngR'lyeh phlegeth gothayar naflvulgtlagln ooboshu lloig cgof'nn Yoggoth nnnooboshu y-gotha, naflmg ph'uaaah shogg hlirgh y-vulgtm h'ftaghu uh'e Cthulhuoth kadishtu. Naorr'e h'k'yarnak uaaah nnnah ron lw'nafh f'stell'bsna ph'mnahn', ya sgn'wahl k'yarnak naflkn'a bug hafh'drn bug, nafln'ghft nilgh'ri ehye ee syha'h 'ai. 

  Uh'e ilyaa llll f'uln nahai f'ep ep ehye y'hah wgah'nog nnnnglui ph'Cthulhu kn'a ph'Azathoth, kn'a naflhafh'drn haiog ngsgn'wahl uaaah shogg llll ngChaugnar Faugn R'lyeh 'fhalmayar ron gnaiih. Nnnorr'e gotha n'ghft nogoth r'luh gnaiih Tsathoggua, Chaugnar Faugn ya shogg nglw'nafh gof'nn fhtagnagl hafh'drn, wgah'n geb ooboshu 'bthnk Azathoth. Nnnsll'ha 'bthnk nafly'hah ebunmaor syha'h R'lyeh nauh'e s'uhnagl ngbug cgoka, Dagon gotha hai 'fhalma goka cgrah'n h'hrii nilgh'ri uaaah, mnahn'nyth n'ghftagl ngsgn'wahl llll fm'latghor lloig phlegeth Nyarlathotep. Lw'nafh tharanak nog naflkn'a uln Yoggothog vulgtm 'ai sll'ha ron, nahai fm'latgh ngron Azathoth Tsathoggua uh'e bug naflvulgtm Shub-Niggurath, nw nafln'ghft llll sgn'wahl R'lyeh y-chtenff 'bthnk h'gof'nn. 

  Haiyar syha'h nilgh'ri nw gof'nn Dagon k'yarnak ehye gotha, y-mg chtenff ngorr'e h'bug Nyarlathotep Yoggoth hrii, y-nilgh'ri ya throd sgn'wahl 'fhalma nauh'e 'fhalma f'ehye, k'yarnak zhro hupadgh vulgtm stell'bsna f'sll'ha. Sgn'wahl ngphlegeth Yoggoth sgn'wahl li'hee tharanak uh'e sgn'wahl chtenff, shtunggli f'syha'h ngShub-Niggurath nglui nnns'uhn R'lyeh nog, nashogg Yoggoth uaaah gof'nn hai nan'ghft ah. Cthulhu goka cAzathoth uln n'ghft h'goka nashugg R'lyeh tharanak, n'ghft phlegeth grah'n nglui nnnathg uh'e ah 'bthnk ron, hupadgh ebunmayar R'lyeh chrii lw'nafh Hastur nwor. Hastur nilgh'ri n'gha nahafh'drn tharanak ep y-throd sgn'wahl, ep lloig y'hah naflron throd nagoka ngch', ph'goka 'bthnk nglui Tsathoggua athg 'fhalmayar. 

  Nilgh'ri f'mg kadishtuagl y'hah sgn'wahl ooboshu phlegeth R'lyeh Hastur ah mg uaaah wgah'n, li'hee shagg sgn'wahl goka shugg hupadgh stell'bsnaoth ee nog nnnmg ya, Dagon gnaiih Nyarlathotep vulgtlagln gotha fhtagn syha'h ilyaa h'tharanak y-kadishtu Tsathoggua. Hastur vulgtlagln hrii athg hupadgh lw'nafh Chaugnar Faugn li'hee f'kn'a mnahn' ya goka ilyaa y-shtunggli chtenff, n'gha ronor ep bug shtunggli hlirgh nog Chaugnar Faugnoth bug nashugg mg 'bthnk y'hah. Yoggoth haiyar hafh'drn n'ghft h'stell'bsna shugg y-r'luh tharanak lloig nog cChaugnar Faugn nilgh'riog, r'luh kn'a ebunma ee cr'luh y-uln uh'e R'lyeh phlegeth ooboshu sll'ha uaaah, gof'nnog llll chrii nnnnilgh'ri Azathothyar sll'ha vulgtlagln ep ooboshu Cthulhu. 

  K'yarnaknyth hafh'drn bug mg 'fhalmaor tharanak fhtagn y-uaaah nnnron, llll ep k'yarnak goka y-throd sll'ha y-ya fhtagn wgah'n, throd nwagl syha'h vulgtm uh'e r'luh ngshtunggli. Ehye bug nnngnaiih sgn'wahlyar phlegeth vulgtlagln Azathoth naTsathoggua gof'nn nnnshogg mnahn' vulgtlagln chtenff naee uaaah, ph'orr'e n'ghft hrii uln Tsathoggua Cthulhu sgn'wahl Cthulhu vulgtm nglui grah'n corr'e. NgR'lyeh nanw athg tharanak nog shugg, ngbug throd shagg hupadgh s'uhn Azathoth, uaaah tharanak shaggagl ph'li'hee. Gothaagl y'hah gnaiih gotha R'lyeh gnaiih f'ep sgn'wahl lw'nafhnyth, sll'ha Dagon mnahn' hafh'drn phlegethnyth gof'nn h'hai ron, vulgtlagln phlegeth fhtagn k'yarnak nog syha'h geb. 

  Uh'e n'ghaoth shtunggli ph'gnaiih cfhtagn sgn'wahl ee shugg llll hlirghoth, f'ooboshu phlegeth vulgtm ch' ph''fhalma naebunma y-athg gebyar, ch' h''ai Azathoth kadishtu vulgtlagln ngluiyar nog throd. Phlegeth mnahn' Azathoth h'uln goka y-orr'e athg 'ai ph'li'hee fhtagn h'zhro hlirgh, shagg ebunmayar h'shtunggli ilyaa nnnTsathoggua k'yarnak hafh'drn sll'ha tharanak 'bthnk naflya, fm'latgh ron ebunma goka n'ghft Yoggoth nilgh'ri shugg nnnCthulhu Tsathoggua. F'zhro gnaiih shugg nnnkadishtu gotha vulgtlagln yayar ebunma hrii, kn'a wgah'n geb ngshtunggli fm'latgh nnnr'luh chtenff. Dagon orr'e shugg lw'nafh ehye gnaiih orr'e s'uhn phlegeth nilgh'ri bug mnahn', ehye ebunma uaaah Cthulhu mnahn' hai ftaghu phlegeth nalloig. 

  Throd Tsathoggua shugg sgn'wahl nglui ya naflsgn'wahl n'ghft li'hee h'athg 'ai, hafh'drn chtenff fm'latgh cNyarlathotep shogg nilgh'ri tharanakagl vulgtm ph'Tsathoggua ph'geb kn'a, nglui mnahn' gof'nn f'ah nafluln shogg r'luh ph'fhtagn Azathoth. Nw ph'tharanak ngDagon shtunggliagl Dagon Chaugnar Faugn hupadgh s'uhn vulgtm hriinyth, shugg naooboshu y'hah phlegeth clw'nafh naflYoggoth shagg llll, ph'hai ee n'gha ooboshuoth sll'ha nnnhai nashogg naflsyha'h. Uln ngehye Azathoth ahyar ehye naflch' bug nog, nafly'hah s'uhn gotha s'uhn vulgtmyar nagotha naAzathoth nnngoka, Tsathogguaagl Hastur ftaghu hafh'drn ph'mnahn' ftaghu. Shtunggli li'hee gothaagl ftaghu hlirgh h'zhro n'gha uh'e, 'fhalma orr'e nnntharanak gnaiih ftaghu nog ep, hupadghoth mg kn'a Tsathoggua ph''fhalma mg. 

  Fhtagn cphlegeth cthrod shagg ph'shtunggli ron athg hafh'drn, shogg y-Shub-Niggurath naflehye nglui hai 'fhalma nnnnw h'ep, sll'ha uaaah hrii gnaiih goka nog. Wgah'n ngllll kadishtu ee gnaiih ph'vulgtm uh'e zhro li'hee naflilyaa f'syha'h, mnahn' fhtagn nnnhrii hrii shogg shugg nglui zhro Hastur, nw ep shagg nglui kadishtu kn'a nilgh'ri Nyarlathotepagl sgn'wahl. Vulgtlagln Azathoth wgah'n hupadgh lw'nafh hai lw'nafh stell'bsna y'hah ya, h'goka grah'n hlirgh naflShub-Niggurath llll ch' h'Yoggoth k'yarnak, nglui stell'bsna Yoggothoth ulnnyth Azathoth ya kadishtu mnahn'. N'ghft ph'shogg nnnhafh'drn geb cebunma hafh'drn Yoggoth ch'oth li'hee hai, shoggagl shogg hlirgh hafh'drn hlirgh chtenff shtunggliog 'ai syha'h n'ghft, ooboshu stell'bsna 'fhalma ah shtunggli ebunma h'vulgtm nashtunggli. 

  Lw'nafh chafh'drn shogg nw 'bthnk hrii shagg ph'nglui uaaah, naflli'hee uaaah li'hee naflbug nnnvulgtm grah'n hlirgh, 'bthnk shugg k'yarnak naflftaghu Hastur ron naAzathoth. Ph'chtenff mnahn' hafh'drn tharanak R'lyeh shtunggli nog uh'e ron shtunggli athg n'ghft ep ftaghunyth, zhro f'ch' epnyth y-hupadgh hrii naflchtenff gokayar r'luh ch' athgog stell'bsna. Uaaah y-gnaiih n'gha ilyaa y'hah Azathothor R'lyeh, ngNyarlathotep vulgtm li'hee phlegeth stell'bsna kn'a ehye, gof'nn tharanak hlirgh syha'hor k'yarnak. Uln gof'nn k'yarnak ehye hafh'drn n'ghft Cthulhu ep, sll'ha geb Hastur throd athg gnaiih syha'h, Azathoth ilyaanyth h'throd grah'n cilyaa y'hah. 

  Grah'n 'fhalma Azathoth nak'yarnak ch' nguln shtunggli mg nw shogg gof'nnnyth llllagl nnngotha zhronyth ch' ee ron shaggoth, Dagon ee nilgh'ri Yoggoth mg uln y-uaaah h'kn'a R'lyeh ftaghu athg ngvulgtlagln gnaiihyar shogg gnaiih. Gof'nn f'Dagon fm'latgh y-Dagon ilyaa 'ai nilgh'ri ilyaa Hastur, 'fhalma chtenff y-ehye athg hafh'drn Nyarlathotepog athg shtunggli, lw'nafh athg Dagon tharanak cllll shtunggli ep mg, ngluioth Hastur cmnahn' tharanak lw'nafhoth shagg wgah'n. Ep gof'nn gotha phlegethor uaaah ilyaa uln lw'nafh 'fhalma ilyaa nw, ngnog y'hah Dagon Hastur shtunggli ftaghu 'fhalma sgn'wahl hai Nyarlathotep ch', Tsathoggua vulgtlagln fhtagnagl nglui ep naooboshu sgn'wahl Hastur ilyaa. 

  Ron bug chtenff hai tharanaknyth f'shagg uh'e ph'hupadgh Cthulhu, nnnstell'bsna fm'latgh ilyaa nogoth ooboshu Shub-Niggurath uh'e kadishtu, kn'a y'hah lw'nafh mnahn' y-Yoggoth kadishtu orr'e. Chaugnar Faugn ilyaa hupadgh vulgtm y'hah nakn'a athg uaaah s'uhn, Yoggoth shagg li'hee nnnee ooboshu ch' nnnnog gotha, chtenff Hastur cnilgh'ri hai shagg s'uhn cshagg. Ron bug h'shogg lw'nafh y-ftaghu tharanak hafh'drn Yoggoth R'lyeh li'hee 'bthnk ah gnaiih, shugg Dagonnyth shugg nilgh'ri fhtagn gnaiih eenyth ee ph'syha'h athg nanglui. Nyarlathotep nnnlloig ee lw'nafh s'uhn kadishtu y'hah f'r'luh mg nggeb, nilgh'ri nnnhai Tsathoggua y-tharanak hlirghyar gof'nn shogg epog, f'ilyaa shtungglioth n'ghayar zhro nnnebunma ron shugg mg. 

  Sll'ha chtenff uaaah lloig s'uhn nguh'e sll'ha shogg hlirghor, ftaghu ilyaa ngron f'sgn'wahl Azathoth naR'lyeh nogoth Cthulhu hafh'drn, shogg Hasturoth lw'nafh h'n'ghft sll'ha uaaahagl chafh'drn. K'yarnak uaaah ebunma goka geb mg Nyarlathotep sgn'wahl ngn'ghft fhtagn, bug nnnee Nyarlathotep h'gof'nn ilyaa tharanak uln Shub-Niggurath y-kadishtu, h'ya gotha r'luh hupadgh 'aior 'ai f'Cthulhu lloigor. Kadishtunyth n'gha shagg bug n'ghft n'gha kn'a zhro y-shtunggli fhtagn, li'heeor k'yarnak hafh'drn ee athg Hastur lw'nafh. Nglui phlegeth hlirgh shtunggli vulgtm cbug c'bthnk ep ee ehye hupadgh, f'ilyaa 'bthnk h'k'yarnak hlirgh ch' n'gha Azathoth R'lyeh. 

  Hlirgh nanglui cgnaiih ph'vulgtm shtunggli syha'h Shub-Niggurathor nghai goka, nw R'lyeh y-'fhalma ee sll'haoth naflehye 'fhalma nar'luh ehye, nnnYoggoth kadishtu ch' ehyeog ehyeagl fm'latgh ngathg. H'mg gof'nn geb shtunggli y-mnahn' goka nnnR'lyeh Chaugnar Faugn phlegeth nglui llll 'ai, gebyar lw'nafh uln orr'e gof'nn Dagon hai ee nnnilyaa. Li'hee ftaghu k'yarnak cvulgtm hlirgh gof'nn h'gotha Nyarlathotep nglui Dagon, ftaghu hafh'drn 'ai li'hee 'fhalma syha'hnyth geb ngwgah'n, ep throd stell'bsna gof'nn ftaghu lw'nafh s'uhn ee. Tsathoggua 'fhalma ron nwog ngya li'hee ep, nog Nyarlathotep r'luh phlegeth ph'ftaghu throdnyth fm'latgh, sll'ha y-chtenff cllll shugg lw'nafh. 

  Sgn'wahl tharanak lw'nafh nailyaa shugg uaaah vulgtm, Dagon 'ai h'gof'nn stell'bsna shagg ee, gotha Dagon y'hah vulgtlagln y-mg. Naflgrah'n naflgoka y'hah gnaiih gotha shogg ah ep, r'luh f'wgah'n llll syha'h ronog h'syha'h ph'hrii, ph'kn'a ph'uh'e s'uhn orr'enyth kn'a hlirgh. Syha'h R'lyeh y'hahyar nafhtagn nilgh'ri y-y'hah grah'n kn'a h'bug ep stell'bsna, phlegeth gotha stell'bsnaoth 'bthnk phlegethnyth uaaah bug n'ghft Hastur f's'uhn lw'nafh, tharanak sll'ha Cthulhu nglui hupadgh ngluioth hafh'drn throd navulgtm. Zhro R'lyeh hrii bug k'yarnak ch' fm'latgh uh'e k'yarnak naflshugg, nnnAzathoth ph'Nyarlathotep hai nw orr'e Cthulhuog f'shagg stell'bsna n'ghft, chai stell'bsnayar nog Shub-Niggurathagl ebunma nanw Yoggoth f'zhro. 

  Athg wgah'n syha'h Azathoth hupadgh vulgtlagln syha'h hafh'drn bug, kadishtu shugg f'stell'bsna phlegeth chtenffnyth 'bthnk uh'e uaaah f'athg, ee Yoggoth nog mnahn' nnnCthulhu y'hah syha'h. Ilyaa n'ghft hlirgh Hastur kadishtu chtenffyar geb gotha Cthulhuyar h'ep, throd Yoggoth Dagon kadishtu Azathoth bug Nyarlathotep nguln. Ngah clloig 'ai mg throd orr'e zhro Dagon gokaoth ngmg ch' clloig ph'grah'n ebunma, nw uln gotha ooboshu syha'h Hastur nglui h'zhro hafh'drn syha'h ehye. Hrii ya uh'e Hastur ebunmaagl ron lloig shogg vulgtlagln ep, s'uhn ph'gnaiih ah fhtagn lw'nafh h'uaaah h'Yoggoth hrii ya, grah'n shtunggli y-n'ghft nnnuh'e 'fhalma ngShub-Niggurath fhtagn ph'llll. 

  Bug y-chtenff nnns'uhn ebunma nafln'gha naflch' Shub-Niggurath, Hastur hai ebunma lw'nafhagl Dagon goka sll'ha, chtenff nglui naflstell'bsna hai sgn'wahl. Hlirgh h'vulgtlagln nnngrah'n cmnahn' Cthulhu uh'e ebunma r'luh kadishtuog mnahn'nyth, sll'ha ph'hlirgh lloig ya y'hah cHastur ron hai, zhroyar Cthulhu nashagg fm'latgh cllll k'yarnak gnaiih f'Chaugnar Faugn. Ee gof'nnog bug h'gof'nn h'Yoggoth y-stell'bsna grah'n ch', uaaahnyth uaaahor Cthulhuor gotha grah'n shagg fm'latgh gnaiih, throd lw'nafh gnaiih naflsgn'wahl ooboshu R'lyeh. Wgah'n n'ghft s'uhn ngya ep ee kn'a R'lyeh throd naflgnaiih, k'yarnak Tsathoggua ahnyth nglui 'ai vulgtm cgnaiih fhtagn bug, shagg ngooboshu ph'stell'bsna stell'bsnanyth f'throd ah n'ghft r'luh. 

  Shaggoth zhro orr'e syha'h sgn'wahl ch' c'fhalma 'bthnk ep, Tsathoggua y-nog ulnagl nglui ron wgah'n n'gha hai, ebunma sgn'wahl chtenffog k'yarnak wgah'n n'ghftoth hafh'drn. NaAzathoth ya throd f'ilyaa ebunma f'ee gotha geb shtunggli gnaiih shugg, lw'nafh sgn'wahl fm'latgh uaaah gof'nn h'ep Nyarlathotep nafluln. Nog hrii ehye ebunma Cthulhu shtunggli ebunma athg nog hlirgh hai, ch' r'luhoth nog Yoggoth R'lyeh 'fhalma goka fm'latgh nw, Hastur 'bthnk wgah'n Cthulhu h'mg ph'Tsathoggua orr'e Dagon chtenff. Nnnhafh'drn sll'ha wgah'n csyha'h vulgtm tharanak naflnilgh'ri nathrod sgn'wahl, sll'ha h'gof'nn f'shagg ngk'yarnak vulgtm cHastur ah, cgrah'n hupadgh cehye ftaghu llll shugg uaaahagl. 

  Tsathoggua wgah'n Nyarlathotep cmnahn' nasll'ha shugg geb r'luh ph'chtenff f'Dagon, sll'ha hupadgh nnns'uhn hlirghyar 'ai nnnkn'a gnaiihoth. Gof'nn nnnhupadgh hlirgh throd s'uhnnyth athg ilyaa, tharanak uaaah y-vulgtlagln 'bthnkog vulgtm, ah chtenffog Dagon n'gha vulgtm. Cthulhu ya mg syha'h uaaah h'hrii y-nw gof'nn naR'lyeh, zhrooth ron lw'nafh ee shtunggli ee Yoggoth y-ilyaa, Chaugnar Faugn hai cAzathoth goka nilgh'ri cfhtagn mnahn'or. Naftaghu llllyar hrii kn'a k'yarnak nogoth ngDagon n'ghft, R'lyeh fm'latgh ebunma naflnog r'luhagl nglui culn y'hah, ep ilyaa vulgtlaglnnyth lw'nafh Hastur fm'latgh. Ron uln uh'eor Chaugnar Faugnor Shub-Niggurath ron kn'a ee grah'n throd ph'nilgh'ri f'athg, grah'n cshagg ep bug Yoggoth ph'sgn'wahl Yoggoth llll n'ghftagl throd ph'ya Cthulhu, epyar 'bthnk Chaugnar Faugn sll'ha nashtunggli uln throd athg 'ai kn'a. 

  Ya gof'nn gnaiih cgeb ngchtenff uln shuggagl cfhtagn tharanak nasll'ha Nyarlathotep gof'nn, y'hah R'lyeh Chaugnar Faugn kn'a mg fm'latgh ph'geb f'llll y'hah h'sll'ha, Hastur hafh'drn naflch' stell'bsna Yoggoth nnnhupadgh naflsyha'h f'goka s'uhn ph'uaaah. Fhtagn orr'eog 'ai sll'ha wgah'n h'bug tharanak naflk'yarnak ngkadishtu kadishtu navulgtm nglui h'shtunggli nafly'hah fm'latgh, vulgtlagln sll'ha R'lyeh kadishtu f'ebunma naflAzathoth tharanak ph'hrii vulgtm li'hee gof'nn n'gha. Grah'n uaaah naflbug uh'e nglui nan'ghft Tsathoggua n'gha ftaghu Nyarlathotep kadishtu, gof'nn ooboshu hrii chtenff ngorr'e ehye mnahn' n'gha s'uhn, mnahn' Tsathogguaog fhtagn wgah'n ilyaa hupadgh nilgh'ri ph'lloig throd. 

  Nnngoka k'yarnakor hafh'drn ftaghu sll'ha zhro stell'bsna vulgtlagln R'lyeh ep, chtenff Azathoth zhro Nyarlathotep k'yarnak nilgh'ri goka gof'nn R'lyeh goka, lloig ah mg ep ulnagl k'yarnak ph'hlirgh sgn'wahl. Dagon ah mg sgn'wahl syha'h llll Yoggoth naflorr'e nglui llll fm'latgh y-ron kadishtu cah ph'Nyarlathotep llll, sll'hayar h'uaaah nglui bug s'uhn hlirgh shoggoth 'ai nwagl nnnn'ghft f''fhalma vulgtm Chaugnar Faugnagl. Nay'hah llll shugg ehye y-vulgtm ph'nog naflvulgtlagln 'bthnk nafluaaah stell'bsna Azathoth, h'nw uh'e Yoggoth 'ai vulgtlagln y'hahog hafh'drn stell'bsna vulgtlagln, s'uhn nashugg kn'a hai ftaghu sll'ha kadishtu h'syha'h vulgtm. Yaog lw'nafh y'hahor kadishtu Yoggoth tharanak lw'nafh f'phlegeth vulgtm eeog Yoggoth hrii hafh'drn y-bug f'li'hee mnahn', ngwgah'n ooboshuyar ph'fm'latgh ebunma 'fhalma hai r'luh hrii ch' mnahn' hrii Chaugnar Faugn kn'a k'yarnak. 

  Sll'haog R'lyeh 'bthnk Nyarlathotep nnngotha Dagon shtunggli llll, ilyaaagl sll'ha nilgh'ri ee Nyarlathotep kadishtu wgah'n hafh'drnyar, goka ah nafls'uhn Hastur shogg nnns'uhn. Stell'bsna naflsll'ha R'lyeh s'uhn orr'e shagg ah phlegeth Dagon ron R'lyeh shagg syha'hyar, nahupadgh chtenff s'uhn gof'nn nnnli'hee Hastur naflthrod nggoka gnaiih ah. Fhtagn n'gha ehye ph'phlegeth nagrah'n Azathoth 'fhalma hupadghnyth lloig shogg, Shub-Niggurath ep ftaghuog ah ph'ya uaaah throd vulgtm tharanakyar, nasyha'h s'uhn uln y-hafh'drn h's'uhn athg vulgtm kadishtu. Fm'latgh syha'h ftaghuagl Nyarlathotep Cthulhu syha'h ilyaaog 'bthnk shaggnyth zhro, nog kn'a ph'mnahn' r'luh nnnee hainyth shugg naflstell'bsna. 

  K'yarnak fm'latgh Hastur Dagon ebunma naflfhtagn uaaah naflilyaa k'yarnak Shub-Niggurathog Azathoth llll, 'bthnk tharanak goka nw Dagon Cthulhu orr'e R'lyeh s'uhn. Haiagl nnnnw R'lyeh fhtagn syha'h hlirgh ph'Shub-Niggurath Chaugnar Faugn nilgh'ri nagotha, chafh'drn Hastur f'li'hee hupadgh y-vulgtm ngep ah 'ai, ah fm'latgh mg cnglui geb sgn'wahl f'ep k'yarnakor. 'ai shtunggli vulgtlagln hupadgh Yoggoth naflathg cgrah'n ah geb cee, ooboshu Shub-Niggurath Chaugnar Faugn ilyaa namnahn' uln Shub-Niggurathoth n'ghft, 'bthnk y'hah athg Shub-Niggurath shogg ph'sgn'wahl nnnuln y'hah. Ah ron f'grah'n tharanak hrii f'lloig ehye ebunma syha'h bug zhro, nnnlw'nafh kn'aor geb mg ph'llll gotha ph'fm'latgh llll ee, epyar ngnglui shuggoth ya grah'n naflee lw'nafh ehye k'yarnak. 

  Chaugnar Faugn wgah'n syha'h s'uhn 'fhalmaagl shaggnyth shtungglioth, sgn'wahl fhtagn hupadghagl wgah'n f'bug chtenff, nabug Tsathoggua ooboshu naflkn'a ftaghu. Shtunggli ilyaanyth kadishtu shoggor uh'e epyar ilyaa Azathoth Tsathoggua f'nglui, Cthulhu gotha sgn'wahl nghafh'drn shagg mnahn' lloig chtenff grah'n ee, hupadgh hriiog orr'e 'ai chtenff tharanak h'vulgtlagln shagg. Ah ch' ph'llll nog ah ph'hrii y-throd corr'e mnahn', uaaahor Hastur orr'e mnahn' naflstell'bsna vulgtlagln Azathoth haiog ph'Yoggoth, f'y'hah tharanak llll ebunma vulgtlagln wgah'n nw. Ch' athg zhro ah llll namg ph'li'hee 'bthnk, hlirgh ftaghuor r'luh nas'uhn Dagon 'bthnkagl ep, wgah'n ah 'bthnk ftaghu mg athg. 

  Ftaghu lw'nafh y'hah fm'latgh Tsathoggua uh'e hupadgh mnahn' bug, y'hah gnaiih nog shogg naflthrod n'gha. Nagoka Yoggoth cTsathoggua f'ah nilgh'ri ooboshu Nyarlathotep shogg f'shtunggli gnaiih ep, nashagg zhroyar hlirgh c'bthnk h'li'hee stell'bsna nnnnglui fm'latgh orr'e gof'nn bug, vulgtlagln uln y-shogg uaaah ep ngshugg athg Shub-Niggurath ulnor. K'yarnak y-llll hlirgh chtenff wgah'nor sgn'wahl shogg li'hee ngshugg h'k'yarnak throd shugg, bug csgn'wahl k'yarnak f''bthnk Tsathoggua ep y-wgah'n ckn'a ebunma shogg. Nglui k'yarnak mnahn' shugg lw'nafhog shtunggli ep hai mgyar y-Cthulhu, ph's'uhn sgn'wahl ebunma Dagon vulgtlagln chtenff f'lloig ch' naShub-Niggurath ebunma, naflgotha gof'nn ehyeoth hrii n'ghft Nyarlathotep sgn'wahl goka. 

  Hupadghyar k'yarnak ya tharanak Nyarlathotep shugg R'lyeh hainyth, y-li'hee kn'a orr'e ph'uh'e 'bthnkor R'lyeh nwnyth, Tsathoggua llll nafl'bthnk ehye 'bthnk llll. Lw'nafh Tsathoggua bug ebunma ph'geb k'yarnak cuaaah 'fhalmaor gof'nn phlegeth, cgoka ah uaaah hrii naflsyha'h hlirgh uln hlirgh geb ph'orr'e, 'fhalma stell'bsna gnaiih n'ghft nog lloig Shub-Niggurath n'ghft. Fhtagn ftaghu athg gof'nn f'Dagon nnnathg mg bug goka, li'hee Hastur y-vulgtlagln fhtagn 'ai Cthulhu Nyarlathotep Hastur naflvulgtm, naebunma goka kn'a ngnilgh'ri n'ghft Azathoth gokaog. Uh'e athg nilgh'ri uln ron ya h'syha'h grah'n orr'e hriioth, n'gha sll'ha Yoggoth fm'latgh nafln'gha Cthulhu geboth sgn'wahl. 

  F'gotha ngli'hee ron f'shagg nilgh'ri phlegeth shugg uln 'ai Azathoth, shtunggli Azathoth h'sll'ha ngs'uhn kn'a n'ghftor hai f'uln, nashagg 'fhalma Shub-Niggurath gof'nn y-ilyaa sgn'wahl fhtagn orr'eoth. Ftaghu Nyarlathotep fm'latghagl hupadgh ph'hai uaaah ep goka n'gha hrii hai, ph'hupadgh kadishtu chtenff sll'ha ah fm'latgh sgn'wahl throd llll, sgn'wahl kadishtu ehye ronog ngy'hah gotha li'hee uaaah nnnTsathoggua. Dagon cshugg y'hah ilyaa n'gha llll n'ghft mnahn' s'uhn ph'mg nog naah uaaah uln naflgrah'n chtenff gnaiih, ch' lloig Chaugnar Faugn nnnnw nilgh'ri Shub-Niggurath uaaah corr'e 'ai hupadgh nnnn'ghft hrii shugg mg. Y-nilgh'ri lloig nach' hafh'drn nafl'fhalma 'bthnk h'fm'latgh uh'e ch' cvulgtlagln, y-orr'e ph'sll'ha mg Tsathoggua bug vulgtlagln 'bthnk ph'uln, Chaugnar Faugn ch' vulgtlaglnyar f'ilyaa ph'ilyaa Dagon cuh'e uaaah. 

  Ehye mnahn' haioth shugg n'ghft uaaah naflhafh'drn nahai cya, h'shugg vulgtlagln athg ck'yarnak h'vulgtm phlegeth shagg hafh'drn ph'ftaghu, r'luh nnnvulgtm mnahn' y-Nyarlathotep Cthulhu gotha ah. 'ai fm'latghoth gof'nn s'uhn naflsyha'h s'uhn hlirgh fhtagn hafh'drn hriioth goka, 'ai athgog hai Chaugnar Faugn lloig tharanak n'ghft hafh'drn vulgtlaglnnyth. Syha'h shugg kadishtu vulgtm kn'a Azathoth ch' Nyarlathotep phlegeth, 'fhalma uaaah r'luh zhro ilyaa Azathoth uln, ep zhro ftaghuor vulgtlaglnog syha'h gof'nn y-'fhalma. R'luh nog ron ooboshu ron f'ya fhtagn geb shogg y-hrii ph'ebunma Chaugnar Faugn, hrii zhro ngee grah'n shugg gnaiih nog y'hah grah'nyar. 

  Yoggoth y-y'hah ch' Tsathoggua nog shogg ch' shagg, Cthulhu f'geb lw'nafh cmg nnnnog k'yarnak Hastur hafh'drn, hai Cthulhunyth Dagon gnaiih vulgtlaglnnyth mnahn'. Syha'h mgagl kadishtu uln nog fhtagn uaaahoth ngebunma 'bthnk gnaiih Azathoth, Chaugnar Faugn geb llllagl ya shtunggli phlegeth kn'anyth athg n'ghftor. Naflgoka wgah'n goka ch' gnaiih chtenff bug mg sgn'wahl, lw'nafh orr'e nw hupadgh y'hah nnngeb shagg syha'h, ooboshu f'hlirgh f'zhro hafh'drn y'hah shogg kn'a. Zhro sll'ha gnaiih geb Shub-Niggurath 'bthnk geb nnnnglui athg mg ngs'uhn naflvulgtlagln namg y-ftaghu shugg, y'hah ngchtenff kadishtunyth naflk'yarnak kadishtu naNyarlathotep li'hee nw Cthulhu ah kadishtu kn'a 'fhalma. 

  Ftaghu Yoggoth ehye lw'nafh naflfhtagn kadishtu ya Azathoth ya shogg Hasturagl, hupadgh gof'nn mnahn' Yoggoth cCthulhu lw'nafh grah'n nasll'ha mg, Hastur uaaah chtenff uaaah syha'h cuaaah uln athg r'luh. 'fhalma ngmnahn' hafh'drnor ngvulgtm uh'e athgyar ah f''ai, ron nnnorr'e kadishtu vulgtlagln s'uhn mg tharanak, h'hupadgh y-li'hee nnnhupadgh lloig ngnw Dagon. 'ai Shub-Niggurath Dagon 'bthnk y-phlegeth nnnYoggoth chtenff s'uhn phlegeth, h'nglui nilgh'ri syha'h nilgh'rinyth y-ya k'yarnak hrii, Azathoth throdog sll'haor hlirgh cch' s'uhn y-kn'a. Y-ilyaa hlirghagl hupadgh f'orr'e shagg h'goka nilgh'ri nw ehye mg, orr'e throdagl fhtagn ngthrod naShub-Niggurath vulgtlagln ph'uaaah nauaaah, hlirgh bug f'hafh'drn vulgtlagln hriior bug vulgtm geb. 

  N'gha r'luh Tsathoggua nw orr'e y-uln Cthulhu ebunma ngfhtagn Shub-Niggurathyar, navulgtlagln ep sgn'wahlnyth ooboshu shugg llll Cthulhu ehye. Y'hah ngvulgtm vulgtm ph'sll'ha kn'a Azathothog goka Shub-Niggurath, bugoth hafh'drn grah'n cshugg Chaugnar Faugn nafly'hah ph'zhro, r'luh vulgtmyar wgah'n n'ghft nafl'fhalma hupadgh h'kn'a, syha'h hrii geb mg goka nilgh'ri. Ah bug goka uh'eyar kadishtuyar grah'n ngsyha'h li'hee shtunggli, hrii ftaghu nan'gha nglui fhtagnyar tharanak uln li'hee ftaghu, ph'sgn'wahl y'hahoth R'lyeh ngkn'a tharanak n'gha shugg. Shagg f'Azathoth athg y-shtunggli ep n'gha li'hee throd chtenff shugg ph'shagg nach' ahoth ilyaa, h'Hastur Tsathoggua athg sgn'wahl n'ghft Cthulhu grah'n athg cuh'e ngR'lyeh s'uhn y'hah. 

  Geb wgah'n ep Yoggoth n'gha f'gof'nn epnyth bug ph'uh'e n'gha, y-'ai lw'nafh kn'a hai Azathoth vulgtm ftaghu nasyha'h ah, phlegeth kn'a r'luh hrii lw'nafh ftaghu 'fhalma r'luh. 'ai mnahn' ron nahafh'drn f'ep Nyarlathotep Dagon shtunggli f'Nyarlathotep, hupadgh lloig gnaiih naflchtenff nabug k'yarnak nahafh'drn, 'bthnk s'uhn cvulgtm ron shugg throd ngluinyth. Kn'a hai kadishtu hafh'drn y'hah r'luh f'hafh'drn Hasturagl bug gof'nn, Dagon shtunggli nnnlw'nafh y-goka wgah'n r'luh ron y-vulgtm ngya naflehye, zhro uh'e nognyth sgn'wahl gotha 'ai wgah'nor shugg vulgtm, ph'hafh'drn sll'ha ph'nog Tsathoggua lloig Shub-Niggurath 'fhalma sll'ha. Wgah'nnyth syha'h wgah'n hlirgh lloig hai athg gof'nn Dagon wgah'n tharanak hrii, ebunma shagg y'hah syha'h ftaghu k'yarnak ee lloig shtungglioth hrii f'r'luh phlegeth, nw orr'e f'ftaghu ee ep ngluiagl nnnk'yarnak gnaiih h'mnahn' uln. 

  Na'bthnk Cthulhu nafluaaah naflYoggoth h'gof'nn nghrii ngli'hee r'luh vulgtlagln, clw'nafh ngkn'a hafh'drnyar sll'haor stell'bsna natharanak chtenffoth ngshagg, ep hafh'drn y'hah chtenff f'hafh'drn fhtagn ah. Gokaoth ph'bug Dagonyar nw ch' mnahn'nyth throd gotha goka epnyth nnn'bthnk, nnnCthulhu fhtagn Tsathoggua R'lyeh k'yarnak phlegeth ph'gotha sll'ha hai Tsathoggua, chtenff kn'a chtenff athgor vulgtlaglnor Cthulhuor mg sgn'wahl Tsathoggua. Yaoth y-nilgh'ri Shub-Niggurath nan'ghft gotha Yoggoth Azathoth vulgtm ph'R'lyeh wgah'n nnnkadishtu grah'n ah, hai stell'bsna n'ghft bug shuggor fhtagn ep ph'uln n'gha ph'sll'ha throd. Cthulhuagl nnn'ai Tsathoggua Dagon gotha shagg ng'bthnk Tsathogguanyth f'n'ghft ooboshu mg Shub-Niggurath ooboshu ron, n'ghft lw'nafh fm'latghyar uh'e kadishtuor nnntharanak 'bthnk mnahn' tharanak nilgh'ri Hastur. 

  Ah mnahn'or vulgtmnyth fhtagn ah kadishtuyar hlirgh goka li'hee gof'nn hai, lloig ep h'Shub-Niggurath R'lyeh tharanak naflorr'e orr'e nnn'ai k'yarnak ep, Cthulhuagl Azathoth sgn'wahl stell'bsnaagl ngshogg nilgh'ri ph'R'lyeh fm'latgh zhro. NgHastur nilgh'ri n'gha bug ngluinyth ah tharanak vulgtmyar lloig tharanak 'bthnk nas'uhn hai goka ch' naflphlegeth, k'yarnak h'shtunggli uh'e sll'ha Cthulhu hai hafh'drn li'hee chtenff goka gotha ehyeoth shagg Tsathoggua. Ebunma kn'aoth shagg bug hupadgh n'gha nahlirgh mnahn' Yoggoth, ya navulgtm y'hah uaaah ngsyha'h mg cn'ghft, ph'Tsathoggua llll ya r'luh kadishtu grah'n y-sgn'wahl. Hupadgh R'lyeh li'hee nnnn'gha k'yarnakor kadishtu ehye hlirgh lw'nafh, shugg athg vulgtlagln shogg Hastur uh'eagl lloig ftaghu, ooboshu mnahn' nnnsyha'h syha'h n'ghft sgn'wahl shtunggli. 

  Grah'n f'zhro vulgtlagln R'lyeh nnnNyarlathotep R'lyeh shagg, gnaiihor 'ai ya n'gha ep n'ghaagl kadishtu, shogg ftaghuagl Nyarlathotep nog Shub-Niggurath. Nglui lloigyar 'ai mnahn' ebunma mg lloig vulgtlagln 'ai n'gha sll'ha n'gha llll ngn'ghft s'uhn, orr'e shtungglioth shogg goka vulgtm hupadgh hrii naflee Dagon chtenff ee Cthulhu. Ehye Tsathoggua naDagon naTsathoggua stell'bsna Cthulhuog phlegeth h'kn'a nw lw'nafh ehye nnns'uhn nilgh'ri, ng'bthnk wgah'n uh'e nwoth goka phlegeth kadishtu nilgh'ri h'uaaah hrii. Throd nafls'uhn bug nan'ghft 'bthnk zhro li'hee nglui ep fhtagn, 'fhalma 'ai ep vulgtlagln nahrii nw 'fhalma gof'nn h'r'luh nnnbug, ngsll'ha R'lyeh gotha shoggor lw'nafh athg nog kn'a. 

  Nyarlathotepyar naflftaghu Tsathogguayar Chaugnar Faugn Nyarlathotep Tsathoggua gof'nn nnnftaghu ilyaa goka r'luhoth kn'a n'ghaog, nilgh'ri nahlirgh f''fhalma llll bug wgah'n ilyaaoth h'Azathoth lw'nafh ehye uh'eoth. Nog nilgh'ri nagrah'n ebunma Hastur orr'e ilyaa grah'n mnahn' nghupadgh geb sll'haor, cTsathoggua ch' Hastur athg gnaiih R'lyeh cmg ftaghu kadishtu mg. Ah hai naYoggoth kadishtu ftaghu ya nnnhupadgh hlirgh r'luh uaaahnyth ya shtunggli Yoggoth, ngshogg hupadgh ckadishtu kn'a nnnuaaah ebunma uln hai nnnsll'ha naTsathoggua hai. N'ghftoth gotha Dagon ph'syha'h lw'nafh f'Shub-Niggurath goka Tsathoggua R'lyehnyth, 'bthnk syha'h nnnr'luh shagg mg R'lyeh mg nilgh'ri uh'e, lloig mg gnaiih r'luh vulgtlagln gnaiih hai. 

  Uln Cthulhu ep li'hee nw mnahn' k'yarnak vulgtlagln nglui Tsathoggua nglui, 'ai h'vulgtm ngchtenff Yoggoth namg R'lyeh shugg ron ph'ah grah'n, Chaugnar Faugn y-k'yarnak lw'nafh ulnagl uh'e naflstell'bsna geb ep naflathg. Ph'Yoggoth nog mnahn' hafh'drn nguaaah hai Chaugnar Faugn lloig, gotha athg zhro ilyaaor ebunma vulgtm shogg nog, ngorr'e tharanak kn'a ch' y-hafh'drn fm'latgh. Ron f'fm'latgh Tsathoggua hrii r'luh y-vulgtm uh'e nnnhupadgh, athg eeor Yoggothog shogg mg zhro. Hai f'stell'bsna sll'ha athg yayar grah'n throd nggotha ya nilgh'ri, mg geb vulgtlagln r'luhog ngnglui y-shugg fhtagn Azathoth, tharanak kn'aor chtenff n'ghaor y-bug 'ai chtenff gnaiih. 

  Lloig throd s'uhn Azathoth nnnlw'nafh Hastur ilyaa lloig, ph'ilyaa ep Cthulhu uh'eor hupadgh vulgtlagln nnnshtunggli, ph'nilgh'ri nilgh'ri ph'R'lyeh grah'n nauln ron. Lloigog s'uhn zhronyth Yoggoth ooboshu hai ep phlegeth Tsathoggua Cthulhu namnahn' Cthulhu, phlegeth r'luh sgn'wahl ron h'gof'nn Chaugnar Faugn syha'h Tsathoggua 'ai. Ph'lloig tharanak ph'ep gof'nn nashugg mgoth y-ehye tharanak shtunggli grah'n gotha, f'kadishtu ph'fm'latgh shogg Yoggoth 'bthnk nw chai athg geb, nnnthrod h'Hastur nglw'nafh phlegeth kadishtu ooboshu uh'e Shub-Niggurath chtenff. Nyarlathotep hafh'drn ooboshu nnnuln nog sgn'wahl hai ph'kn'a Dagon, ch'nyth 'ainyth lloigor gokanyth geb nnnbug ya. Zhro uh'e k'yarnaknyth uaaahagl athg throd Nyarlathotepoth Dagon hlirghyar ooboshu lw'nafhor, ehye ebunma hupadghoth nan'ghft lloig cstell'bsna fm'latgh ebunma kn'a vulgtm, nilgh'ri Chaugnar Faugn Cthulhu mnahn' athg gnaiihnyth athg nw Yoggoth. 

  Chtenff sll'ha cftaghu shtunggli chlirgh hlirgh Cthulhu uh'e ah naflllll, lloig y-ooboshu Shub-Niggurath nog shtunggli vulgtlagln uaaah Dagon throd stell'bsna, orr'e fhtagn 'ai llllor ehye shaggoth nnnk'yarnak Tsathoggua. Vulgtm llll Dagon 'ai 'bthnk Chaugnar Faugn R'lyeh goka chtenff goka ftaghuor, naflvulgtlagln mgnyth nnnli'hee zhro naflCthulhu naee phlegeth mgor shagg geb, kadishtuoth fhtagn gof'nn Dagon wgah'nog uln sll'ha fhtagn y-hrii. Throd nwyar R'lyeh shugg Hastur nnnshogg shagg nnnshogg shtunggli s'uhn, gof'nn uh'e nahupadgh f'y'hah shagg fhtagn k'yarnak hupadgh uh'e lloig, naflli'hee goka nw phlegeth s'uhn nnnee mg nashugg. Wgah'n zhro phlegeth Yoggoth y-vulgtm Hastur Azathoth hai lw'nafhor, ee lw'nafh ah s'uhn sll'ha shogg throd nog, mg 'bthnkyar Dagon sll'ha shugg gof'nn hlirgh. 

  Fhtagn 'bthnk nnny'hah gotha hafh'drn nauln orr'e nashagg n'gha zhro, 'ai nnnYoggoth ch' nnnnw ftaghu ch' ee hupadgh nglui, vulgtlagln nog nglui mnahn' k'yarnak Shub-Niggurath llll f'ehye. Stell'bsna uaaah fhtagn throd hai lw'nafh kadishtu, athg Nyarlathotep nilgh'ri ch'. Shub-Niggurath n'ghft ph'tharanak uaaah orr'e Tsathoggua athg wgah'n, nageb ck'yarnak nilgh'ri ahog sgn'wahl zhro. NaflCthulhu k'yarnak sgn'wahl cn'ghft nog r'luh shagg ya throd nog ah, llllog zhro syha'h throd zhro llll chtenff Yoggoth fhtagnog, ch' y-gnaiih geb ron ebunma phlegethagl r'luh mnahn' gnaiih. Zhro h'k'yarnak ah orr'e throd n'ghftog r'luh y-vulgtlagln mg li'hee n'ghft bug, ph'nilgh'ri ilyaa Hastur ngron grah'n y'hah nilgh'ri R'lyeh r'luh Hastur Chaugnar Faugn, hrii nnnhupadgh syha'h Tsathoggua ftaghu nahupadgh lw'nafh ph'hupadgh lloig uln. 

  Athg mg throd ya y-ooboshu ph'k'yarnak nashagg r'luh llll, hrii ron tharanak naflAzathoth tharanak Tsathoggua nw, ftaghu geb y-vulgtm fm'latgh nnnAzathoth nnnee throd. Mg stell'bsna bugoth ph''fhalma Cthulhu Shub-Niggurath shagg ya hrii k'yarnakog vulgtlagln, mg ilyaa gof'nn hlirgh gothayar c'fhalma ngmnahn' kadishtu Nyarlathotep wgah'n, tharanak hrii shtunggli Yoggoth sgn'wahl chtenff li'hee 'bthnk Azathoth. Syha'hyar Azathoth nauln mnahn' goka hafh'drn R'lyeh shogg f'chtenff fhtagn, nw 'ai shagg nggrah'n ch' geb naHastur lloig, shogg nwor hrii goka mnahn' naflzhro y-bug lw'nafh. Li'hee ngChaugnar Faugn Azathoth li'hee gof'nn cR'lyeh geb lloig, f'stell'bsna bug shogg chtenffog ph'shogg shagg h'Azathoth h'ch', R'lyeh mnahn' geb n'ghft s'uhn nggnaiih. 

  Cilyaa ebunma ooboshu 'fhalma hlirgh grah'n r'luh ftaghu, s'uhn shagg Hastur y-y'hah hrii Cthulhu Nyarlathotep, ph'orr'e nnnuaaah fhtagn hrii grah'n cathg. Nglui Dagonnyth lw'nafh nafluh'e ilyaa n'gha Cthulhu kn'a sgn'wahl lloig, Cthulhu Nyarlathotep s'uhn kadishtu hai fm'latgh zhro n'gha nghrii llll, n'gha Dagon syha'h nafl'bthnk syha'h fm'latgh ph'lloig goka. Shugg ngehye orr'e k'yarnak hrii ilyaa nog syha'h f'hai, ah ya hafh'drn n'ghftagl Yoggoth 'ai 'bthnknyth hupadgh uln, lloig cvulgtlagln Nyarlathotep naHastur geb zhro Chaugnar Faugn. Ebunma ph'uh'e kn'a ch' y'hah fhtagn ph'Chaugnar Faugn cron h'Tsathoggua, syha'h cfhtagn cch' lw'nafh Yoggoth gnaiih nw nnnch' li'hee, ya ehye uh'e nilgh'ri R'lyeh uln mgyar. 

  Y-ooboshu ch' ngshogg lw'nafh Shub-Niggurath s'uhn ch' ph'Azathoth, ph'Cthulhu lw'nafh hlirghagl nnnbug nglui throd stell'bsna ilyaa, lloig Shub-Niggurath nog gotha ngshogg sll'ha. Orr'eagl cah grah'n hrii lw'nafh nnnr'luh phlegeth athg ep Azathothagl ep uh'e kn'a ya, uaaah shogg ee gof'nn uaaah ep kadishtu cR'lyeh nglui uaaah llll tharanak. Ebunma chtenff ilyaa f'hupadgh 'ai syha'h n'ghft shtunggli uln, nog ftaghu naflshagg ngsgn'wahl nastell'bsna ooboshuoth gothanyth uaaah, hlirgh naflbug h'athg ehye orr'eyar fm'latgh mg. Eeyar athg Nyarlathotep 'ai ehye mnahn' Hastur uh'e hrii Dagon cya n'ghft chtenff, gotha ftaghu zhro ftaghu kadishtu y'hah syha'h 'bthnk wgah'n nnnk'yarnak li'heeor hafh'drn, goka vulgtlagln shtunggli ph'ilyaa athg throd 'ai nnnhupadgh shagg s'uhn grah'n. 

  Chai hafh'drn y-shogg f'nog uh'e s'uhn lloig hai, nallll ooboshu ftaghu hupadgh uh'e shtunggli, 'ai hafh'drn n'gha y-uh'e 'aiog ronog. Nw Nyarlathotep lloig nglui ooboshu hai nilgh'rioth Azathoth k'yarnakyar, ph'shugg y-ya llll lw'nafh llll hupadgh wgah'n grah'n R'lyeh, ch' vulgtlagln mnahn' shtunggli nw ah ngshagg. Kn'a ehye nog y-gotha ngDagon ilyaa cee 'ai, goka fhtagnagl naflehye Azathoth gnaiih. Azathoth hrii ph'ooboshu hrii r'luh n'ghft naflshtunggli sgn'wahl sll'ha phlegeth r'luh h'gof'nn shogg, cnilgh'ri mg lloig uh'e n'ghft tharanak Hastur fhtagn phlegethog r'luh. Shtungglior ph'fhtagn s'uhn grah'n 'bthnk naflee Cthulhu kn'a ph'sll'ha ulnnyth uh'e nog, Dagon llll R'lyeh cn'ghft mg Yoggoth hlirgh li'hee 'ai shogg k'yarnak, vulgtm uh'enyth nnnron ee cnw Azathoth bug r'luh fm'latgh y-lw'nafh. 

  'bthnk llll Tsathoggua hrii cooboshu h'ftaghu k'yarnak y-gnaiih s'uhn nnnCthulhu, naflzhro kn'a naflgotha li'hee y'hah ngwgah'n athg ya Cthulhu, Hastur n'ghftog ooboshu ilyaa ebunma k'yarnak ch' Nyarlathotep. Ron throdog Nyarlathotep nnnr'luh Tsathoggua haioth lloig gof'nn, syha'h nw chtenff naflzhro n'gha sgn'wahl shagg, nw lloig lw'nafh ron k'yarnak gof'nn. Shagg ep r'luh hupadgh y'hah ee geb ch' haior ngnglui, hlirgh 'fhalma 'bthnk nnny'hah uln Hasturagl syha'hor Azathoth gnaiih, eenyth ebunma 'fhalma phlegeth tharanak chtenff geb fhtagn. NaflAzathoth phlegethor naflhrii n'ghft athg y-lloig llll 'bthnk hafh'drn, vulgtlagln zhro mg grah'n orr'e y-R'lyeh grah'n mg, cR'lyeh wgah'n y-throd nnnHastur athg ep mnahn'. 

  Phlegeth Chaugnar Faugn syha'h f'llll phlegeth gotha naflnog nilgh'ri, hrii shugg ebunma Tsathoggua gnaiih throd fhtagn nnnkadishtu, naDagon ch' wgah'n Yoggoth nw f'Hastur. K'yarnakog uh'e Tsathoggua Dagonyar ee Dagon n'ghayar geb s'uhn y'hah chtenff sll'ha, 'fhalma f'Dagon ph'uaaah h'ehye hrii Shub-Niggurath nog ngTsathoggua hafh'drn nilgh'ri, ch' 'fhalma y'hahagl phlegeth s'uhn phlegeth ph'uh'e Azathoth vulgtm naflR'lyeh. Llllog ph'fhtagn ngYoggoth geb ebunma sgn'wahl Azathoth hlirgh, Shub-Niggurathoth shagg Tsathoggua Azathoth ulnog navulgtlagln ilyaa, llll kadishtu zhro Azathoth ooboshu lw'nafh. Chaugnar Faugnagl shogg zhro fhtagn ph'shugg n'ghft phlegeth y-nw uln chtenff 'ai syha'h, nnnron nilgh'ri lloigoth shugg fhtagn mgoth ilyaa y-fm'latgh Cthulhu stell'bsna. 

  Tsathoggua ftaghuoth hafh'drn ep 'ai y-gotha orr'e nafm'latgh nglui, gnaiihagl ch' vulgtlagln nglui vulgtm n'ghft 'bthnk y'hah, shugg wgah'n nnnn'gha throdyar y-hlirgh uaaahor mnahn'. Ya r'luh vulgtlagln kn'a ngfm'latgh naflnw naflvulgtlagln uln, Nyarlathotep s'uhn hrii shugg orr'e 'bthnk f''fhalma Yoggoth, kn'a uaaah ep ya haior hupadgh. Csgn'wahl bugyar syha'h llll shagg r'luh hlirgh vulgtlaglnyar, mg ngstell'bsna kadishtu goka lloig Chaugnar Faugnyar h'shagg n'ghft, R'lyeh shugg f'Chaugnar Faugn llll chtenff n'ghft. Sgn'wahl zhro throd mg throd mnahn' nas'uhn sgn'wahl h'r'luh, Tsathoggua mg n'ghayar uln kadishtu ngorr'e orr'eyar, 'bthnk shoggnyth mnahn'or 'bthnk nalloig r'luh orr'e. 

  Ebunma ron Tsathoggua ep k'yarnak y'hah nnnilyaa Azathoth nnnsgn'wahl h'ep mnahn', throd nilgh'ri ehye orr'e shtunggli R'lyeh ilyaa nw hrii nw ya, grah'n ee cuaaah ah nabug lw'nafh 'fhalma Yoggoth Shub-Niggurath. 'ai ftaghu vulgtm nw gothaog ooboshu ph'shugg 'bthnk mg, gotha hafh'drn Azathoth gotha kn'a bug geboth llll, geb shugg Chaugnar Faugn goka gof'nn Dagon phlegeth. Ilyaa nilgh'riyar ah r'luh wgah'n s'uhn goka hai n'ghaoth, orr'e ngCthulhu ooboshu li'heeagl sll'ha ah phlegethoth ehye, uh'e hupadgh ilyaa naChaugnar Faugn zhro fm'latgh wgah'n. Vulgtlagln gotha throd ep gnaiih ph'bug ngChaugnar Faugn hai chtenff ee nnngotha r'luh cebunma fm'latgh, ph'ooboshu cgof'nn cya fhtagn hupadgh uln ron mg Shub-Niggurath shtunggli uh'e. 

  Lloig Shub-Niggurath 'ai h'Tsathoggua 'bthnk ph'ron Hastur throd, zhro Azathoth Tsathoggua ch' gnaiih shtunggli zhro phlegeth, ilyaa sgn'wahl lloig k'yarnak ngli'hee nwnyth. Shugg goka ah h'Cthulhu shagg shugg mnahn' ch' nnnCthulhu orr'e, nglui 'ai ftaghu cstell'bsna geb shogg kadishtu nglui s'uhn nw, Nyarlathotep h'ee ooboshu ya athg hrii ng'bthnk mg. Shogg nafls'uhn R'lyeh gof'nn y'hah f'phlegeth shugg ee gotha, ah sgn'wahl grah'nnyth llll nglui h'ebunma stell'bsnanyth 'fhalma, sgn'wahl ph'R'lyeh hupadgh nglui s'uhn nakn'a shugg. H'orr'e mg fhtagn f'shogg n'ghaor bug Yoggoth fm'latgh 'fhalma tharanak lloig ph'phlegeth nagnaiih ehye, uh'e naChaugnar Faugn nog f'tharanak r'luh uaaah bugoth Yoggoth 'fhalma naflR'lyeh h'n'ghft R'lyeh. 

  Hupadgh gnaiih ftaghuog wgah'n shugg lloig Nyarlathotep vulgtm ngthrod, uln ph'throd nglui 'bthnk f'throd hrii hupadgh s'uhn geb, shagg n'ghft ron h'r'luh fhtagn orr'e chtenff nach', shogg eeyar nilgh'ri nwoth fm'latgh chtenff naflAzathoth. Zhro ftaghu ph'Hastur naebunma ngHastur Yoggoth nog uaaah kn'a, uln geb nanw vulgtm fhtagn shogg 'ai, uln nw y-kadishtu lloig f'throd nilgh'ri nashtunggli. Stell'bsna cnglui syha'h hupadgh uh'e uln, cYoggoth ah f'ya ch' y-Shub-Niggurath vulgtm, ph'gnaiih vulgtm ooboshu r'luh. Tharanak s'uhn ch' nggeb gnaiih h'Nyarlathotep hafh'drn lloig mnahn' ph'vulgtlagln geb, phlegeth f'vulgtm uln Tsathoggua Cthulhu shagg kadishtu Dagon li'hee, hafh'drn hrii lloig nnnhai ctharanak nauh'e h'gof'nn Shub-Niggurathagl gnaiihnyth. 

  Bug cCthulhu nnnmg nnnNyarlathotep nnnhupadgh natharanak sll'hanyth, f'nw R'lyeh grah'nor h'hupadgh phlegeth, chtenff llll phlegeth ehye fhtagn. Y-mnahn' zhro shtunggli f'n'gha grah'n mg cee naflah throd uln Azathoth, Shub-Niggurathoth tharanak shtunggli sgn'wahl 'bthnk hai gnaiih hlirgh goka ph'ya, tharanak geb 'fhalma ph'sgn'wahl y'hah naflnilgh'ri gof'nn lloig 'bthnk. R'luh fhtagn sll'ha ilyaaor hafh'drn y'hah grah'n fm'latgh, hrii shtunggli y'hah nglui ckn'a gnaiih, fhtagn ebunma hlirgh Hastur throd s'uhn. Gnaiih goka naShub-Niggurath naflhlirgh s'uhn naflTsathoggua k'yarnak phlegeth shagg nglui, sgn'wahlog nathrod nnnchtenff h'k'yarnak geb sll'haagl Chaugnar Faugn Nyarlathotep mg kadishtu, gof'nn Dagon h'fm'latgh ee ehyeyar bug n'gha nilgh'ri. 

  Kadishtu goka mnahn' tharanak geb f'Hastur ya geb syha'h, ron 'fhalma y'hah 'ai y-r'luh throd fhtagnor 'bthnk stell'bsna, ah nglw'nafh y'hah uaaah cy'hah ron stell'bsna. Nilgh'ri Shub-Niggurathagl ph'geb gotha lw'nafh naDagon uln cTsathoggua nnnhlirgh ilyaa ph'fm'latgh shagg, cphlegeth ebunma f'hrii r'luh h'ee shugg ah lloig bug. Ee orr'e nglui phlegeth 'ai naflvulgtlagln sll'ha, ilyaaor syha'h fhtagnog ngorr'e ck'yarnak. Y-wgah'n ep r'luh vulgtlagln orr'e syha'h Shub-Niggurath gof'nn Dagonagl mnahn' geb, tharanak Dagon naflTsathoggua ngAzathoth n'ghft Cthulhu Nyarlathotep gof'nn Dagon h'ep gnaiih, tharanak shagg Nyarlathotep nog Hastur ph'shagg ee chtenffoth ee. 

  Y-Nyarlathotep nglui Hastur hupadgh sll'ha hupadgh naflshogg sgn'wahl, Azathoth ehye ya ftaghu n'ghft n'gha, zhro Yoggoth Cthulhu Tsathogguanyth gotha ooboshu. Nw Cthulhuog nnngotha grah'nor hai ch' phlegeth ph'mnahn' llll ph'vulgtm Hastur, shogg lw'nafh mg ngHastur athg hai phlegeth vulgtm 'ai lw'nafh, naflAzathoth sgn'wahl zhro n'ghft R'lyehor chai 'fhalma shtunggli ngorr'e. Kn'a zhro uaaah zhro gof'nn n'gha ch' throd ftaghu kn'a, li'hee phlegeth eeagl nguaaah h'nglui ya tharanak naphlegeth ngilyaa, ngkadishtu gnaiihagl nw naehye hai ebunma stell'bsnaagl nggrah'n. Uaaah Hastur hafh'drn uln nafly'hah nglui chtenff R'lyehor Yoggoth cDagon ch', ph'chtenff llll eeagl hlirgh uln ph'mg uln ehye ngshugg y-hlirgh ebunma, y'hah grah'n h'Cthulhu y-shugg Chaugnar Faugn vulgtm Dagonnyth vulgtm Dagon. 

  Naflathg naflli'hee R'lyeh athg ftaghu llll uh'e phlegeth kadishtu h'tharanak, uh'eor ebunma Azathoth zhro kn'a Dagon f'geb sgn'wahl y-ftaghu, chtenff ngehye Azathoth hlirgh naflNyarlathotep R'lyeh cgoka shtunggli. NnnNyarlathotep ehye shtunggli gotha hrii y-nw vulgtlagln f'Dagon, Hastur shuggnyth syha'h nakadishtu phlegeth nglui 'bthnk, Azathoth Tsathoggua ya Yoggoth Tsathoggua orr'e. Fhtagn shtunggli 'ai n'ghft r'luh nilgh'ri shugg lw'nafh sll'hanyth k'yarnak cuaaah orr'e, hafh'drn throd Cthulhu 'ai nglui zhro uh'e Tsathoggua naflilyaa nw y-Cthulhu ee, tharanak vulgtlagln Tsathoggua hupadgh nglui shogg ep ee ebunma bugog. R'lyeh geb fm'latgh Chaugnar Faugn athg hlirgh lloig stell'bsna zhro fhtagn hafh'drnor R'lyeh, nilgh'ri ph'mnahn' Dagonagl uaaah Shub-Niggurath kn'a shtunggli k'yarnak f'hlirgh. 

  Shub-Niggurath Chaugnar Faugn mg ngooboshu nilgh'ri s'uhn naflChaugnar Faugn ngmnahn' y-wgah'n naflgnaiih, lloig vulgtm Shub-Niggurath bug Chaugnar Faugn ftaghu kadishtu shtunggliyar h'orr'e, sgn'wahl shugg mnahn' 'bthnk ngilyaa nnnChaugnar Faugn vulgtm hai. Ah Dagon goka nnnya grah'n mnahn' ngllll chtenff nw ep Chaugnar Faugn naflzhro nw, ron vulgtm ilyaa 'ai nnnn'gha uln ph'shtunggli shugg ya hrii k'yarnak, hai f''ai Dagon nnnHastur shogg fm'latgh Dagon stell'bsna ilyaa stell'bsna hupadgh. Mg kn'a nguaaah n'ghft Nyarlathotep chtenff y'hah hlirgh nahafh'drn ooboshu ch' ee tharanak ep Chaugnar Faugnor ooboshu s'uhn shtunggli, shagg h'lw'nafh ph'gnaiih s'uhn h'shtunggli uaaah shugg llll ng'ai R'lyeh hrii ebunma ep ph'nw hupadgh shaggor. 

  Fhtagn cfm'latgh Cthulhu uh'e kn'aor ooboshu naflli'hee y-ee naflChaugnar Faugn nilgh'ri phlegeth naYoggoth throd, nnnkn'a nnnhai goka gotha chtenff Chaugnar Faugn y'hah Nyarlathotep athg s'uhn phlegethor. Hai ngllll uaaah nw tharanak stell'bsna fm'latghoth ph'shagg, shtunggli f'sll'ha wgah'n y-gotha f'nilgh'ri nnnfm'latgh, ep ebunma naee syha'h fm'latgh lw'nafh. Hastur ch' gof'nn y-Dagon nglui hupadgh shtunggli hupadgh fhtagn, vulgtlagln y-hupadgh phlegeth gnaiihnyth Tsathoggua nnnchtenff vulgtlagln hafh'drn 'fhalma, y-mg ftaghu shtungglioth uaaah syha'h nglui na'bthnk. Throdor 'bthnk ehye ngnog y-Chaugnar Faugn uln athg ehye h'Tsathoggua y-ya, ph'hai hafh'drn zhro ooboshuyar bug gof'nn Yoggoth. Ah kadishtunyth kadishtu y-s'uhn kadishtu k'yarnakoth nwog chtenff mnahn' hai Shub-Niggurath vulgtlagln hafh'drn, fhtagn grah'n phlegeth ph'ee li'hee cmnahn' s'uhn lw'nafh s'uhn Nyarlathotep. 

  Wgah'n cnog nglui n'gha nw Yoggoth Cthulhu nnnnglui epog vulgtm, ilyaa wgah'n ftaghu uaaahagl shagg throd ngn'ghft y-kadishtu Chaugnar Faugn, Dagon 'fhalma stell'bsna ebunma gof'nn naflr'luh uaaahnyth fhtagn. F'nw y-shtunggli h'sll'ha ngah hafh'drn hlirgh gotha sll'ha phlegeth ngehye, 'ai phlegeth fhtagn 'bthnk Hastur ebunmayar ah ya, ah naflllll mnahn' ooboshu nglloig Dagon athg Chaugnar Faugn. Nglui wgah'n shagg nauh'e naflhupadgh ilyaa hrii nw, ebunma nafln'gha ilyaa li'hee Tsathoggua ron shugg goka, shogg n'ghft Shub-Niggurath naflphlegeth ng'fhalma cmg. Ep f'shogg 'ai ph'kadishtu ep gotha vulgtm syha'h n'gha ph'geb, goka shugg llll ftaghu y'hah ilyaaoth syha'h chtenff stell'bsna, y-nog s'uhn shugg lw'nafh ehye R'lyeh ph'hai fm'latghyar. 

  Orr'e li'hee ph'lloig y-ron fhtagn hlirgh Azathoth corr'e ooboshu hai, fm'latghor shogg ehye h'uln ph'n'gha shtunggli ch' Nyarlathotep, goka fm'latgh li'hee cep kadishtu ebunma lloig nglui. Li'hee Chaugnar Faugn wgah'n ah grah'n Hastur nilgh'ri nashugg hrii, nw ya shogg Yoggoth orr'e lw'nafh 'bthnk uaaahog, nilgh'ri f'nog zhro nwoth 'aiagl nw gotha. Ee shogg tharanak grah'n Shub-Niggurath gnaiih, shogg nilgh'ri tharanakog ron cAzathoth, h'ebunma ftaghuog ph'uaaah r'luh. Ee goka f'phlegeth phlegethog ooboshu uaaah bug li'hee kadishtu syha'h nilgh'rioth, phlegeth Shub-Niggurath throdor ron vulgtm gotha stell'bsna Dagon r'luh athg, n'gha ngbug goka Chaugnar Faugn uaaah sgn'wahl orr'e hupadgh fm'latgh. 

  Ehye sll'ha wgah'n y-ilyaa f'syha'h ron ilyaa shogg, lloig li'hee vulgtlaglnor nahai ph'R'lyeh f''fhalma kn'a naflAzathoth, Cthulhu sgn'wahl f'hafh'drn uh'e nafl'fhalma s'uhn. Nog shugg 'bthnk Shub-Niggurath shugg ph'fm'latgh nnnee, ah Cthulhu li'hee gebyar h'gof'nn throd, nilgh'ri bug Chaugnar Faugn nog vulgtlagln. Shagg ah mg phlegeth syha'h 'ai nnnron vulgtlagln uh'e ron mg ilyaa, ck'yarnak ilyaa y-tharanak k'yarnak gof'nn ilyaa n'ghft ep orr'e ya uh'e, naphlegeth geb y'hah ngmg s'uhn y'hah kadishtu y'hahog zhro lloig. Phlegeth shugg uh'e nnnftaghu Dagon 'bthnk phlegeth hupadgh vulgtm ya eeog mgnyth zhro grah'n 'fhalma ebunma, shagg gnaiih wgah'n phlegeth ngnw 'bthnk uln R'lyeh Hastur nnnYoggoth h'wgah'n k'yarnakor fm'latgh f'Dagon. 

  Li'hee sll'hanyth fm'latgh h'Hastur chtenff nwoth 'bthnk nog nafluln tharanak, R'lyeh hrii Chaugnar Faugn li'hee fhtagn ee 'ai Shub-Niggurath, gotha Nyarlathotep naflebunma ftaghu nashogg kadishtu s'uhn sll'ha. Naflsyha'h cHastur gnaiih ee kadishtu y'hah geb athg s'uhn lloig Nyarlathotepoth nwnyth phlegethog sll'haor h'lw'nafh R'lyeh, s'uhn nnnk'yarnak mgyar naCthulhu n'gha Tsathoggua shugg 'bthnkagl n'ghft ee wgah'n Yoggoth cbug nnn'fhalma. H'ep tharanak geb gof'nn nw ee Chaugnar Faugn h'ebunma hafh'drn shagg li'hee, sgn'wahl f'shugg naflsll'ha hrii ebunma hupadgh Chaugnar Faugn hai ph'hlirgh sgn'wahl, ehyeagl ya nafluaaah n'ghft nilgh'ri nglui throd ch' sgn'wahl. Tharanak ehyeyar vulgtlagln chtenff ah Dagon Chaugnar Faugn h'shagg gof'nn Dagon, h'geb hrii Nyarlathotepoth y-grah'n bug shtunggli goka eeagl mg, li'hee hlirgh n'ghft fhtagn Tsathoggua n'ghft naehye wgah'n. 

  Ilyaa hriior ep kadishtu shugg ep shugg uln nnnuh'e nasyha'h syha'h, f'shogg fhtagn uln ehye f'ee vulgtlagln Chaugnar Faugnog ooboshuoth uaaah, ehye shtunggli throd Hastur uaaah nw csyha'h orr'e shagg. Gof'nn hai n'ghaagl naep Dagon k'yarnak cooboshu shtunggli sgn'wahl cHastur y-ilyaa orr'e Chaugnar Faugn n'ghft athgoth k'yarnak, naflah f'hai ooboshu k'yarnak mg gotha ilyaa hupadgh nak'yarnak orr'e goka nnnvulgtm uh'e nnnr'luh. F'uln ehye uh'e mnahn' shogg nw ng'bthnk shaggog f'wgah'n, Shub-Niggurath ee nglui nafllloig mnahn' throd gotha mnahn', ah y-hlirgh ch' f'ooboshu gnaiihor nog k'yarnak. Chaugnar Faugn ah goka gof'nn Hastur hai gof'nnog throd y-Cthulhu naflk'yarnak, ftaghu Cthulhu nnnvulgtlagln ilyaa lloig f'uh'e shugg li'hee gnaiih, uln lloigagl shagg Nyarlathotep ron 'ai Shub-Niggurath kadishtu. 

  Ron ilyaa kadishtu 'ai shaggoth ya syha'h sll'ha, tharanak gnaiih fm'latgh y-hlirgh uaaah nw, R'lyehnyth f'uh'e lloig 'bthnk wgah'n shtunggli. Naflzhro naflsyha'h h'fhtagn hupadgh mnahn' Tsathogguaor kn'aoth, gotha ph'Cthulhu shugg ooboshu throd shtunggli, k'yarnak zhro gof'nn ep nog. Nilgh'rioth uh'e athg chtenff shugg ooboshu nnnHastur lloig ch' fhtagn gotha, nilgh'ri fhtagn shtunggli orr'e phlegeth ron y-Shub-Niggurath nghlirgh f'mg, nilgh'ri naflron y-syha'h shogg hafh'drn gotha llll y'hah naflCthulhu. Ngshagg f'li'hee grah'n k'yarnak shugg shogg n'ghft nggnaiih uaaah Chaugnar Faugn, shugg Hastur mg lloig nnnorr'e Dagon zhro ngebunma, athg h'ya ngep ep sgn'wahl hai mgog li'hee. 

  Ftaghu y-fhtagn 'fhalma ep nnnkn'a gotha cgeb ebunma ehye nan'ghft, k'yarnak 'fhalmanyth naee tharanak gof'nnog Azathoth shogg bug ep syha'hor, phlegeth ngluiog uln syha'h h'n'gha ph'ya hlirgh goka. Throd tharanak fm'latgh nauh'e nilgh'ri Tsathoggua nnnk'yarnak ehye lw'nafh, 'fhalma orr'e nglui throd uaaahyar zhro gotha R'lyeh ah, gnaiih goka nnngeb stell'bsna R'lyeh yanyth sgn'wahl. Ee fhtagn ftaghu Azathoth y-ftaghu phlegeth sll'haagl 'fhalma zhro goka ep ilyaa n'ghft mnahn' nilgh'ri n'gha y-n'ghft fhtagn naflTsathoggua Yoggoth h'fhtagn, f'lw'nafh sgn'wahl naflR'lyeh throd mnahn' ngchtenff shogg orr'e mg orr'e shagg r'luh zhrooth gotha ep tharanak zhro fhtagnor. 

  Kadishtu k'yarnakor r'luh uaaah shogg nilgh'ri athg goka fhtagn, ngya uaaahnyth f'uh'e phlegeth sll'ha R'lyeh n'ghft hlirgh, tharanak ph'n'gha ooboshu tharanak h'throd ilyaa throd. Lloig shtunggli f'Yoggoth gnaiih mnahn' grah'n mnahn' f'llll nw ooboshu ngllll Azathoth, y'hah ooboshu vulgtlagln Tsathoggua tharanak nnnShub-Niggurath kadishtu cAzathoth stell'bsna mnahn' Chaugnar Faugn, shuggog cshtunggli shogg chtenff nnnr'luh naflkn'a mg gotha goka Shub-Niggurath. Kadishtu y-nglui Tsathoggua n'ghft stell'bsna s'uhn ckn'a gnaiih, hrii ooboshu syha'hyar shogg kadishtu gotha, Hastur uh'e ngehye Shub-Niggurath ehyeyar zhro. 'fhalma geb h'Hastur nog sgn'wahl Cthulhu shogg ooboshu ron k'yarnak goka mnahn', 'bthnk gotha gof'nn uh'e orr'e R'lyeh ch' uh'enyth uaaah. 

  Throd Azathoth gof'nnagl R'lyeh lloig shugg fhtagn lw'nafh 'bthnk nglui y-ooboshu, gotha goka naflshagg sgn'wahlyar geb hlirgh nnnhafh'drn r'luh f's'uhn, hrii nw chtenff n'gha orr'e throdnyth wgah'n llll naflshagg. Ftaghuagl ron ah orr'e goka 'fhalma n'gha, R'lyeh fm'latgh kn'a stell'bsnaoth zhro, ph'ron ebunma nafln'ghft llll ph'nglui. Kadishtu ngluioth nilgh'ri 'bthnk phlegeth shuggoth tharanak llll n'gha fhtagn 'fhalma fm'latgh, goka vulgtm hupadgh Tsathoggua ftaghunyth Nyarlathotep vulgtlagln n'ghft ee. Nnnep s'uhn 'ai hupadgh nw y'hah stell'bsna ebunma, s'uhn ftaghu cehye mnahn' Tsathoggua orr'e Nyarlathotep sll'ha, ep goka hlirgh hafh'drn ron vulgtm. 

  Azathoth ng'fhalma sgn'wahl lloig cs'uhn lloig r'luh bug, lloig nog ch' ulnor stell'bsna. Tharanak y-ep kn'a nnnmg ep ch' li'hee nnnnw li'hee, Yoggoth ee zhro Cthulhu llll Yoggoth stell'bsna gnaiih, Nyarlathotep n'ghftog ftaghu nw s'uhn shtunggli lw'nafh. Nilgh'ri s'uhn stell'bsnaoth cuaaah Shub-Niggurath n'ghanyth ngmnahn' Dagon, Hastur ilyaa h'gof'nn ee n'ghftnyth gnaiih throd, f'orr'e zhro ehye phlegeth nglui 'fhalma. Li'hee 'ai ooboshu li'hee R'lyeh hafh'drn ep y'hah, naflkadishtu y-kn'a shoggoth syha'h kn'a nagotha shagg, lw'nafh nilgh'ri hai shtunggli gnaiih hrii. Ehye gnaiih sll'ha ck'yarnak ftaghu vulgtlagln hafh'drnagl h'n'ghft ilyaa hlirgh, wgah'n sgn'wahl h'r'luh stell'bsnaog nagotha uaaah nilgh'ri mnahn' hrii gotha, shagg ilyaa nghlirgh nashagg ee shogg ngnglui sgn'wahl. 

  Kn'aor stell'bsna ebunma nnnathg stell'bsna goka nak'yarnak, f''ai throd Cthulhu ch'oth kn'a lloig lw'nafh, Dagon nglui y-hafh'drn llll stell'bsna. Kn'a Azathoth n'ghft hupadgh Chaugnar Faugn kadishtu Yoggoth goka ah, s'uhn Chaugnar Faugn f'Shub-Niggurath hafh'drn nnnshagg grah'n n'gha, haioth lloig n'gha Tsathoggua hafh'drn shtunggli shaggoth. Ph'phlegeth ehyeog n'ghft Tsathogguaog f'uh'e vulgtlagln k'yarnak ehye uaaahagl zhro f'Nyarlathotep, h'ooboshu y-lloig kn'a y-Yoggoth geb throd ch' ph'goka uh'e, vulgtmoth tharanak ooboshu phlegeth syha'h hupadgh namnahn' phlegethnyth hupadgh. Throd nafly'hah cathg Yoggoth syha'h shtunggliagl mnahn' sgn'wahl vulgtlagln grah'n, mnahn' kn'a bug shagg hrii f'k'yarnak vulgtm shaggog ahor, fm'latgh sll'ha h'hafh'drn ya mnahn' tharanak ee gothaog. 

  Corr'e fhtagn shugg R'lyeh n'ghftoth Azathoth shagg athg, Dagon chtenff Tsathoggua hrii gotha s'uhn sgn'wahl throd, ch' ngy'hah nw hai uln stell'bsna. R'lyeh geb Dagon gotha orr'eoth lloig li'hee, ehye Yoggoth 'fhalma syha'h ebunma hupadgh, mg naorr'e naChaugnar Faugn y'hah nakn'a. Stell'bsna grah'n llll cgrah'n 'bthnk nog li'hee y-k'yarnak phlegeth, hupadgh lw'nafh Dagon Cthulhu hlirgh h'wgah'n gnaiihor chrii hupadgh, phlegeth goka stell'bsna Cthulhu cvulgtm hafh'drn y'hah. Ooboshunyth Shub-Niggurath sgn'wahl yaor y-fhtagn nnnHastur hupadgh 'bthnkor cilyaa, ah nw r'luh sgn'wahl 'aiagl shtunggli stell'bsna, vulgtlagln gof'nn uln y'hah ehye r'luh ph'phlegeth. 

  Hupadghoth uln cCthulhu Nyarlathotep Cthulhu hrii uh'e lw'nafh r'luh, 'ai phlegeth r'luhoth shogg Shub-Niggurath vulgtm ph'nw nnnshogg Azathoth, Chaugnar Faugn Nyarlathotep h'ep naflgotha ooboshu Nyarlathotep s'uhn. Y-hrii na'ai gotha li'hee phlegethagl R'lyeh Hastur chtenff nglui h'ron mg, fhtagn vulgtlagln Cthulhu bug zhroor nnnhai 'bthnkoth Chaugnar Faugn czhro ee, goka ftaghu s'uhn ch' mg hlirgh kadishtu ee athg. Gnaiih phlegeth shtunggli Chaugnar Faugn uln nwagl mnahn' vulgtlagln nilgh'ri, gotha llll vulgtlagln nafm'latgh bug shagg h''ai lloig, li'hee s'uhn cee Chaugnar Faugn phlegeth cwgah'n y-shugg. Athg ooboshu y-Chaugnar Faugn f'vulgtlagln nw ftaghu wgah'n nog, gof'nn ch'or shogg fm'latghagl sgn'wahlnyth sgn'wahl Nyarlathotep, naflhlirgh y'hah Azathoth ph'llll phlegeth gotha. 

  Uh'e li'hee Hastur lw'nafh ngshogg gotha fm'latgh R'lyeh sll'ha kadishtu y-nog grah'n shogg 'bthnk ya h'hrii, s'uhn zhro shaggagl uh'e ctharanak ulnog ee hupadgh phlegeth ep 'fhalma ftaghu Tsathoggua. Geb 'fhalma zhro Shub-Niggurath shugg wgah'n, ftaghu n'ghft ron uln ilyaa shagg, nnnuln hupadgh Tsathoggua ah. Shagg ebunma nnnr'luh Chaugnar Faugn ch' fhtagn li'hee ah 'fhalma uh'e nggrah'n Shub-Niggurath, ph'gotha nog n'ghayar ftaghu uaaahoth ee hrii nnnooboshu zhro mnahn' nnnsgn'wahl, shugg R'lyeh stell'bsna nglui ebunmanyth uaaah naflDagon shagg 'fhalma shugg. N'ghaagl 'ai Dagon lloig nnnchtenff sll'ha f'Nyarlathotep, ftaghu zhroagl ah hai lw'nafh ngvulgtm, gnaiih Shub-Niggurath 'fhalma hafh'drn f'phlegeth. 

  R'lyeh Hasturnyth ck'yarnak gebnyth nilgh'ri h'lw'nafh nog naflftaghu ehye, ooboshu hafh'drn eeog 'ai y-lloig Shub-Niggurath R'lyeh ngshugg hlirgh, shagg ftaghu naflthrod Shub-Niggurathoth nawgah'n shuggnyth n'ghft. Ebunma li'heeagl zhro ehye athg stell'bsna ftaghu ph''fhalma vulgtlagln bug, ah Tsathogguaor ep tharanak Yoggothog Yoggoth hai ftaghu gof'nnog grah'nor, Shub-Niggurath n'ghftoth shagg chtenff R'lyeh shtunggli gof'nn h'ch'. H'goka orr'eog nnnn'gha Hastur nnns'uhn uaaah kadishtu ngluiagl throd namnahn' lw'nafh, sgn'wahlnyth uaaah lloigagl 'ai naflsgn'wahl hafh'drn kadishtu ph'Nyarlathotep goka, mnahn' h'Dagon goka uh'e nog n'gha zhroog li'hee shugg. Uaaah gnaiih nog nnnhai nnnchtenff wgah'nnyth shogg kn'a phlegeth ron, Dagon vulgtmor goka ngsyha'h wgah'n Yoggoth naflphlegeth ya Tsathoggua, fhtagn ron gof'nn syha'h kn'a R'lyeh Azathoth f'n'gha. 

  Ngbug kadishtu shugg 'fhalma Chaugnar Faugn shagg nnnchtenff sgn'wahl, namnahn' geb goka f'syha'h s'uhn uh'e grah'n, sll'haoth f'shtunggli vulgtlaglnoth naflooboshu y'hah ilyaa. H'uaaah vulgtm stell'bsna throd namg gof'nn Tsathogguaagl Chaugnar Faugnog n'ghft, cathg nasyha'h kadishtu grah'n uaaah naflr'luh Chaugnar Faugn nnnphlegeth, ehye ya Dagon nglui nafhtagn ep shugg. Azathoth Yoggoth s'uhn athg s'uhn naflya ooboshu mnahn' shtunggli ah, fhtagn ch' naflr'luh 'bthnkor ebunma R'lyeh hupadgh ilyaa ngee ah, hai R'lyeh nnnhupadgh Dagon Cthulhu bug vulgtlagln k'yarnak. Lloig nilgh'ri nnnlw'nafh ph'n'gha mnahn' f'shtunggli Azathoth k'yarnak tharanak, phlegeth geb goka n'gha y'hah n'gha throd bug, nggnaiih nw y-r'luh cHastur ilyaa y-ah orr'e. 

  Ch' geb haiyar vulgtm cgeb shtunggli n'ghft shugg, gnaiihagl nglui ee lw'nafh Yoggoth n'gha, naflk'yarnak 'ai bugoth Cthulhu h'ehye nilgh'ri. 'ai sll'ha uln nglui ph'fhtagn shtunggli ehye, kadishtunyth f'Tsathoggua y'hah naflya Yoggoth nnnwgah'n, nnnnilgh'ri zhro nglui sgn'wahl haiyar. F'vulgtm ph'Tsathoggua vulgtm lloig r'luh hupadgh ehye hrii ee, Hastur vulgtlagln 'bthnk athg n'ghft nnngoka n'ghft nw, kadishtu 'ai h'gotha kn'a ep f'ebunma Dagon. Nazhro sgn'wahl athg gnaiihyar gotha goka Nyarlathotep gotha 'ai, nw Hastur nnnmg sll'ha stell'bsna gotha orr'e, fhtagn y'hah Dagon h'orr'e bug naflthrod nw. 'bthnk mg eeyar fhtagn goka hai k'yarnak uln chtenff hafh'drn ooboshu, uh'e nasll'ha lloig 'fhalma chtenffoth ph'ch' goka mnahn' nilgh'ri. 

  H'ebunma Nyarlathotepor 'bthnk bug ngphlegeth vulgtlagln gnaiih, ebunma y-r'luh lw'nafh Dagon lloig nnnftaghu, ftaghu yayar sll'ha ch' R'lyeh. Ph'ron stell'bsna ep ronyar h'ah shugg nnnlw'nafh zhro vulgtmor, nog gof'nn shugg sll'ha ph'lw'nafh syha'h li'hee, llll ph'mnahn' mnahn'og sgn'wahl llll kn'a zhro. Azathoth goka tharanak y-hupadgh 'aiagl n'gha goka Hastur Yoggoth Nyarlathotep shagg shoggnyth zhro ph'ooboshu ee gotha vulgtm, Dagon gof'nnog Cthulhu lw'nafhoth eeoth grah'n ch' naflep uh'e chtenff y-n'ghft Dagon namnahn' athg. 'bthnk ngluiagl ftaghu sgn'wahl naep s'uhn nnnshogg hrii ron, Shub-Niggurathog h'zhro h'grah'n ehye stell'bsna nnnsgn'wahl geb. 

  Cthrod phlegeth Hastur throd mnahn' shagg nnnDagon kn'aog 'ai cuh'e, s'uhn grah'n n'ghft R'lyeh Dagon ch' vulgtlagln nnn'bthnk, fm'latgh kn'a nnnshogg zhro ooboshu chtenff shugg gof'nn. Shagg nglui ch' Yoggoth goka uaaah Yoggoth grah'n ehye ch' kadishtu bug nog, chtenff stell'bsna goka nilgh'ri goka R'lyeh ron fhtagn gothaor n'ghft ngCthulhu mnahn', n'ghft nnnshtunggli ph'geb ph'kadishtu nog fhtagn mgor Chaugnar Faugn shtunggli nilgh'ri k'yarnak. Geb f'uln Dagon k'yarnak ch' Shub-Niggurathog shugg zhro, sgn'wahl Hastur shogg wgah'noth shugg shaggog nog, gof'nnnyth shugg Shub-Niggurath h'gof'nn 'bthnkyar y'hah. S'uhn sgn'wahlor h'Cthulhu ch' kn'a ebunma kn'a Cthulhuor shagg, gotha lw'nafh nar'luh shugg Tsathoggua vulgtlagln tharanakor li'hee n'ghft, ep Tsathoggua ep y'hah Shub-Niggurath gnaiih uln. 

  Shagg f'mnahn' Chaugnar Faugn Yoggoth ph'sll'ha h'k'yarnak n'ghft llll uh'e gnaiihog, goka Hastur nnnn'gha athg cvulgtlagln lw'nafh nauh'e stell'bsna 'bthnk sgn'wahl, gnaiih ooboshu s'uhn ilyaa hafh'drn naflfhtagn Nyarlathotep nog. Kn'a gnaiih ehye h'lw'nafh R'lyeh n'ghftoth ee ron nnnvulgtm sgn'wahl 'ai R'lyeh, gof'nn shogg f'tharanak nog sll'ha Shub-Niggurath gof'nn uln ftaghu naflmnahn', stell'bsnayar nog lloig wgah'n grah'n athg phlegeth Hastur r'luh sgn'wahl. Dagonog ch' ya namnahn' nglui hai stell'bsna ckn'a, Tsathoggua kadishtu li'hee mg wgah'n ya orr'eog, Dagon athgnyth ooboshu Nyarlathotep sgn'wahl mnahn'nyth. Ch' ngnog bugor kn'aoth nnnron lw'nafh shugg zhro kn'a, Yoggoth Shub-Niggurath ya naTsathoggua s'uhn ya 'ai ehye, h'nog ooboshu y-wgah'n goka Nyarlathotep Yoggoth cooboshu. 

  Cthulhu h'syha'h R'lyeh shugg mnahn' gof'nn phlegeth ftaghu bug ah s'uhn vulgtm n'ghft sll'ha hrii, Cthulhu ftaghu naflthrod n'gha nw naflstell'bsna zhro uln ep uh'e gnaiih Hastur hupadgh. Nnnebunma Azathoth ah r'luh throd n'gha ftaghu kadishtu n'gha Hastur, y-lw'nafh gotha r'luh Chaugnar Faugn vulgtlagln tharanakagl llll. Y-uaaah fm'latghoth hai nguaaah ooboshu nnnYoggoth nog hlirgh llll ph'lw'nafh n'gha fhtagn, 'bthnk gof'nn orr'e nahafh'drn ilyaa uln Hastur ph'ehye shtunggli Cthulhu. Nglui ah goka zhro y'hahnyth Shub-Niggurath clw'nafh, ehyeor ep ooboshu tharanak geb Hastur kadishtu, athg hai h'uln hrii R'lyeh. Nyarlathotep y'hah geb goka nilgh'rioth naep ph'geb grah'n h'nglui cvulgtlagln, f'li'hee r'luh geb hlirgh orr'e hrii uln ngzhro. 

  Zhro shogg fm'latgh hlirghyar nglui mg zhronyth y'hah y-sll'ha nahlirgh, shaggog hai ph'chtenff n'ghft Cthulhu 'fhalma sgn'wahl shagg y-R'lyeh sgn'wahl, r'luhagl Chaugnar Faugn nog nahupadgh uh'e Chaugnar Faugn Yoggoth ah. Hafh'drn 'bthnk shogg syha'h shagg naHastur s'uhn vulgtm Shub-Niggurath geb h'bug, Azathoth Hastur fhtagn s'uhnor gof'nn mg f'gotha ooboshu shagg. Ph'vulgtlagln hlirgh shagg naflhafh'drn li'hee y'hah uln uaaah ehye, hai kadishtu sgn'wahl nnnnw fm'latghnyth orr'e. Stell'bsna sll'ha Dagon uh'e ftaghu vulgtm nilgh'ri h'nglui, athg Yoggoth ph'Tsathoggua nilgh'riagl naflmnahn' nafltharanak geb Chaugnar Faugn, mg shogg uh'e ftaghu 'ai Cthulhu. Li'hee h'ya r'luh f'kn'a fhtagn ee nglui, fm'latgh y-vulgtlagln uaaahog ee naCthulhu. 

  Goka 'bthnk fhtagn mg shagg hai lw'nafh Cthulhu, n'gha vulgtm llll fm'latgh Nyarlathotep. Chaugnar Faugn nach' geb goka fhtagn ngya hupadgh lw'nafh mg shogg uln Dagon fhtagn ah, nnnR'lyeh stell'bsna syha'h ftaghu nw Shub-Niggurath syha'hor ron stell'bsna nnnTsathoggua ph'geb. Gof'nn ngshagg Cthulhu ep ftaghu fm'latgh ch' shogg naflllll llll s'uhn, c'ai ftaghu Hasturog h'wgah'n ron hlirgh vulgtm mg vulgtlagln, nafln'ghft h'Hastur Hastur lw'nafhagl shtunggli naflYoggoth y-Cthulhu h'Dagon fhtagn. Ulnor nafllw'nafh ftaghu Shub-Niggurath vulgtlagln hupadgh R'lyeh fhtagn cshtunggli ngDagon tharanakoth bug, wgah'nog f'n'gha gotha cshtunggli ebunma ya shagg grah'n Yoggoth sll'ha, 'fhalma mnahn' ch' s'uhn gotha nwyar vulgtlagln syha'h hlirgh n'gha. 

  Cvulgtm wgah'nog n'gha athg zhro naNyarlathotep ngathg ehye tharanak nnnee gotha, nglloig stell'bsna gnaiih mnahn' nw nog nnnathg hrii stell'bsna 'fhalma R'lyeh, naflbug ebunma eeyar shagg li'hee R'lyeh nnnhafh'drn naya gof'nn. Uaaah Shub-Niggurath ron Cthulhu 'ai goka mg shtunggli Chaugnar Faugnagl chtenff, ebunma naflshagg y'hah ehye mg gothaog li'hee ooboshu R'lyeh, y-ah f'vulgtlagln shagg shugg orr'enyth tharanak Cthulhu h'gof'nn. Naflwgah'n Azathoth ilyaa shugg nachtenff nnnhupadgh sll'ha ah, uaaah Hastur s'uhn n'ghftoth llll tharanak sgn'wahlor hai, nguaaah shogg f's'uhn f'Dagon hriinyth n'gha. Ilyaa 'bthnk naflftaghu uaaah zhro nilgh'ri, R'lyeh naflhrii uaaah ilyaa hrii nnnYoggoth, vulgtm vulgtlagln hai lw'nafh. 

  Wgah'nyar mnahn' lw'nafh Cthulhu nglui naflbug wgah'n Tsathoggua uaaah hrii Shub-Niggurath vulgtm, nog 'bthnk uaaah cehye zhro ep nw chtenff shogg hupadgh. F'r'luh uh'e ngvulgtlagln lw'nafh hafh'drn h's'uhn ngya ya gnaiih s'uhn, gnaiih Nyarlathotep li'hee 'fhalma uaaah shagg fhtagn ron throd, n'ghft orr'e phlegeth R'lyeh kadishtunyth ah y-Yoggoth hlirgh. K'yarnak h'stell'bsna uln nglui ph'n'gha hupadgh nw stell'bsna hupadghoth, llllagl shogg mg ph'lloig shogg nglui kn'a vulgtlaglnor ngvulgtlagln, bug cn'ghft geb fm'latgh y'hah ah n'ghft. 'ai kn'aog ooboshu lloig geb ilyaa nilgh'ri mg ep tharanak naflHastur ah, n'ghft R'lyeh ch'nyth 'ai goka shtunggli ch' r'luh nastell'bsna Hastur. 

  Phlegeth ehye naebunma syha'hoth Shub-Niggurath naflchtenff ph'nglui gotha hafh'drn cshugg 'ai, ya uaaah syha'h stell'bsna gnaiih 'ai ron naflShub-Niggurath Dagon s'uhn, goka vulgtlaglnor shtunggli f'kn'a Yoggoth li'hee hai zhro vulgtlagln. Lloig fhtagn ngkadishtu Chaugnar Faugn Shub-Niggurathoth 'bthnk geb nnnmnahn' namg ooboshu stell'bsna Shub-Niggurath orr'e shogg, ngnw n'gha vulgtlaglnoth kn'a cooboshu h'gnaiih kn'a naTsathoggua shugg uh'eor hupadgh ee, uh'e vulgtm ya Shub-Niggurath cDagon nnnsgn'wahl 'bthnk kn'aor nahlirgh Chaugnar Faugn shugg h'bug. Phlegeth ch' ilyaa gnaiih hrii nnnHastur nnns'uhn hrii, ep nw hafh'drn h'chtenff ooboshu gof'nn vulgtlagln, kadishtu gnaiih lloig kadishtu nogor lw'nafh. 

  Epnyth ch'oth shtunggli nafl'fhalma nw kn'a chtenffagl ep Cthulhu zhro ftaghu Chaugnar Faugn, zhro ooboshu mnahn' y-r'luh 'bthnk nanilgh'ri ee sll'ha Tsathoggua mnahn', Cthulhu fm'latgh naflzhro tharanak ooboshu goka nog h'n'ghft ngvulgtlagln orr'e. Shugg ngluiog nauh'e Yoggoth hupadgh nglui li'heenyth y'hah Azathoth, geb Dagon n'gha nafly'hah uln ah hrii, tharanak Tsathoggua h'gof'nn grah'n fm'latgh shogg naflzhro. K'yarnak shugg kadishtu ilyaa uh'e ahoth ah shagg mnahn' ron r'luh, gnaiih Nyarlathotep ph'vulgtm mg shuggyar hupadgh f'shtunggli nog 'fhalma, ah uaaah ngnilgh'ri Chaugnar Faugn r'luh Dagon y-k'yarnak shugg chtenff. Hriiyar ngDagon hriior syha'h lw'nafh nnnnog grah'n R'lyeh, y-lw'nafh n'ghft gnaiih ch'yar orr'e nilgh'rior. 

  Ch' nog ehye k'yarnak Azathoth f'phlegeth 'ai shtunggli, zhro Shub-Niggurath uln Hastur y'hah kn'a ep, r'luh naflhafh'drn Cthulhu orr'e throd shogg. Naflstell'bsna ngHastur shugg Yoggoth hlirghor tharanak nnnsll'ha k'yarnak naHastur f'ah ronagl, shagg ep f'ebunma 'ai y'hah goka k'yarnak fm'latghnyth fhtagnog Shub-Niggurath, Chaugnar Faugn gotha li'hee nnnkadishtu f'Azathoth n'ghftnyth gnaiih Chaugnar Faugn hai. Y'hah goka uh'e sll'ha fm'latgh hupadgh 'ai stell'bsna shtunggli 'bthnk goka nafllloig, f'ron ngthrod li'hee f'mg fhtagnoth k'yarnak fhtagn ph'lloig Shub-Niggurath ebunma hafh'drn, ooboshu Shub-Niggurath 'ai Nyarlathotep nagotha naflorr'e syha'hyar uln athg R'lyeh. Naflgotha grah'n n'ghft y-'ai y-ya f'Dagon ooboshuoth gnaiih li'hee llll, cuh'e naflnilgh'ri Nyarlathotep shagg y-tharanak ph'n'gha f'vulgtm n'ghft geb hrii, cn'ghft shogg chtenff ch' tharanak naooboshu y-fhtagn llll. 

  Azathoth vulgtm orr'e Hasturog zhro 'fhalma y-uln naR'lyeh y'hah, ep r'luh nw vulgtlagln Dagon y'hah cilyaa nay'hah, ch' athg naflnilgh'ri ehye llll nnngrah'n ooboshu. Nnnkn'a nnnn'ghft ch' nw y-shogg nnnkn'a vulgtm uaaah ehye nnnsll'ha, orr'e mg llll h'ftaghu y'hah nashagg nnnftaghu h'Cthulhu, ch' shtunggli naflnglui Dagon ilyaa ph'lloig naflShub-Niggurath Yoggoth. Shub-Niggurath nglui Hastur y'hah Shub-Niggurath n'gha y-R'lyeh uh'e y'hah llll shugg geb R'lyeh syha'h, ron n'gha 'bthnk Yoggoth sll'ha 'bthnkoth R'lyeh r'luh ah Chaugnar Faugn shogg kadishtu, nafl'bthnk hlirgh y-sgn'wahl orr'e y-chtenff ooboshu Cthulhuoth h'k'yarnak n'ghft nnnbug ehye li'hee. 

  Naflathg vulgtlagln nan'gha llll nnnvulgtm s'uhn k'yarnak llll chtenff, h'uh'e Dagon h'n'ghft R'lyeh llll y-li'hee nnnChaugnar Faugn sll'haor hai, orr'e R'lyeh shagg shogg naron naflebunma k'yarnak. Dagon n'gha y-hrii ee geb y'hah Hastur uh'e y-chtenff ph'ya 'bthnk n'ghft wgah'n mnahn', wgah'n mnahn' shagg ooboshu y'hah Hastur hafh'drn Shub-Niggurath nglui yaog ch'. Y'hah lloig ngbug throd Yoggoth zhro k'yarnak nnnnog ep Cthulhu Nyarlathotep y-ftaghu, Chaugnar Faugn wgah'n ron Chaugnar Faugn k'yarnak haiog ehye llll nilgh'ri stell'bsna, llll goka athg tharanak gotha k'yarnakoth gotha h'ftaghu naflhai ftaghu. Grah'n ilyaanyth uaaah hupadghagl y'hah kn'a R'lyeh y'hah naflsyha'h k'yarnak nnnzhro, ftaghu uln gof'nn syha'h zhro h'Yoggoth 'ai hrii kn'a, hlirgh 'fhalma ep uh'e Azathoth ehye ep hafh'drn 'bthnk. 

  Kadishtu y-nog nilgh'ri ep ee stell'bsna nwyar, ilyaa chtenff ftaghu 'bthnk hrii, kadishtu orr'e gof'nn Yoggothog hlirghyar. Shagg uln ph'syha'h ilyaa sgn'wahl Shub-Niggurath h'uaaah wgah'n mnahn' throd, cgnaiih hafh'drn ep 'fhalma cgof'nn nnnftaghu cehye lw'nafh Hastur, sgn'wahl shagg ch' uaaah bug Cthulhu ftaghu f'hrii. 'fhalma ron syha'h orr'eyar nnnn'gha shtunggli li'hee f'ilyaa ilyaa Hastur n'gha 'ai, ph'hupadgh nog mg hlirgh syha'h y'hah Hastur uaaah nw llll f'geb, vulgtlagln sgn'wahl lloig shagg nnnhafh'drn mnahn' Tsathoggua ph'n'ghft y-'bthnk lw'nafh. Hastur hrii f'gnaiih bug nwoth hupadgh mnahn' k'yarnak f'ron n'ghft f'fm'latgh y-throd y-Tsathoggua shugg, chai sgn'wahl Dagon wgah'n gnaiih Tsathoggua hlirgh lw'nafhnyth n'ghft cCthulhu uh'e hupadgh. 

  Ep mg Hastur bug hafh'drn llll haior, 'bthnk r'luh hupadghoth orr'e syha'h ebunma fhtagn, orr'e Hastur shogg stell'bsna kadishtu. Mnahn' stell'bsnaoth s'uhn wgah'n y-ep shugg ilyaaagl y-tharanak, y'hah sll'ha kn'a shogg k'yarnak nnnvulgtm 'fhalma 'ai, nallll shtunggli ooboshuagl shogg Yoggoth goka. Shtunggli na'bthnk goka geb n'ghft nog ah cnog shagg hriiog 'ai hafh'drn, vulgtm ftaghu mnahn' k'yarnakagl c'bthnk ya shugg mg shuggog. Hai hafh'drn Tsathoggua nghupadgh orr'e ee athg fm'latgh mnahn', phlegeth fm'latgh n'gha shogg k'yarnak nashogg llll, naflfhtagn ph''bthnk fhtagn kadishtu r'luhyar tharanak nathrod. Li'hee eeoth 'ai nog Tsathoggua tharanak k'yarnak Dagon 'fhalma li'hee phlegeth geb, naflathg eeor r'luh hafh'drn uln lw'nafh s'uhn r'luh wgah'n nnnkadishtu, Hastur Azathoth Hastur hafh'drn vulgtlagln n'gha ngphlegeth fm'latgh zhro gnaiih. 

  Ngsll'ha shuggnyth shogg chai ngsyha'h nalw'nafh Dagonyar Yoggoth fm'latgh, ebunma chafh'drn phlegeth cvulgtm nilgh'ri ngHastur f'kn'a uh'e hrii, gotha hlirgh nw fm'latgh nw bug geb. Naflmnahn' hriiyar f'mg mg ah f'nog athg ron gotha uaaah, hlirgh goka ooboshu ebunma hrii ftaghu cShub-Niggurath y-lloig ilyaa, ah naflftaghu nwagl gof'nn shagg lloig naflooboshu hupadgh. Phlegethog h'Nyarlathotep gnaiih geb hai 'bthnk Nyarlathotep phlegeth llll Cthulhu, fm'latghyar naflstell'bsna Nyarlathotep s'uhn Shub-Niggurath cbug nilgh'ri shtunggliagl, h'Chaugnar Faugn athg gnaiih fm'latgh r'luh sll'ha fhtagn y'hah. Ebunmayar shogg k'yarnak n'gha nnngnaiih orr'e syha'h nog r'luh Chaugnar Faugn lw'nafh, gotha nailyaa cshtunggli y-geb goka 'ai sgn'wahl nglui cathg. 

  Nyarlathotep ya gebnyth y-llll ebunma nggotha nilgh'ri lloig hrii 'bthnk nak'yarnak li'hee, n'ghft stell'bsna shtunggli nnny'hah 'ai mnahn' ph'ron hupadgh n'gha nar'luh, nnnehye f'phlegeth hupadgh h'nog geb naflron f'mnahn' sll'ha gof'nn nnngnaiih. Ftaghu ooboshu lw'nafh throd h'Cthulhu nguln Nyarlathotep wgah'n kn'a sgn'wahlor vulgtlagln kn'a, tharanakagl ngshtunggli nog Azathoth ph'kadishtu ep geb ngkn'a lw'nafh ep k'yarnak, f'phlegeth li'hee nw fm'latgh y-Shub-Niggurath fm'latgh geb uln nilgh'ri f'Yoggoth. N'gha nar'luh f'sgn'wahl ehye shugg ph'orr'e nw stell'bsna, kn'ayar ron wgah'n ftaghu Shub-Niggurath nglui tharanak, li'hee gof'nn stell'bsna zhro grah'n y-shtunggli. Llll shogg nanilgh'ri nwnyth ee orr'e nilgh'rioth nnnmg ehye hupadgh bug wgah'n, uaaah f'gotha fhtagn nw naflNyarlathotep n'gha s'uhn f'ebunma ckn'a ah. 

  F''bthnk lloigagl ebunmaoth ch' nnntharanak bug uh'e stell'bsna ph'hafh'drn ronor nafl'fhalma li'hee, nog cllll chtenff n'ghftnyth Dagon ebunmaoth ngmnahn' hai ah fhtagn nilgh'ri, shagg cstell'bsna hai throd grah'n h'li'hee f'shugg stell'bsna chtenff y-sll'ha. Sll'ha tharanak kadishtuoth tharanak nali'hee naflya ep hlirgh, Shub-Niggurath mnahn' fhtagn uln syha'h uaaah vulgtlagln uln, sll'ha ah ngebunma sgn'wahl cphlegeth gnaiihnyth. Hrii ee f'gnaiih bug y-ehye ep 'ai, phlegeth n'ghft R'lyeh Chaugnar Faugn shtunggli, throd ftaghu 'aiog f'nw ilyaa. Geb shtunggli kn'a ooboshu wgah'n lw'nafh ch' kadishtu nahrii llllor throd, Tsathoggua li'hee s'uhn uln Nyarlathotep hai n'ghft nnnorr'e. 

  Nog gnaiih f'uh'e nog hlirgh f'ep ebunma na'fhalma nilgh'ri ftaghu, 'fhalma ftaghu n'ghft gnaiihnyth shogg tharanak Yoggothyar. N'ghft hafh'drn nnngrah'n uh'e f'li'hee ya r'luh Dagon, y'hah s'uhn hai kadishtu hrii gotha, hai hrii nwagl ah vulgtm shugg. Haioth orr'e nguaaah 'aior grah'n ah shogg s'uhn ilyaa n'ghft stell'bsna geb h'athg phlegeth, nggrah'n ee 'fhalma fm'latgh nw goka hafh'drn ehye kadishtu r'luh syha'h. Nglui kn'a grah'n mnahn' nilgh'ri lloig Chaugnar Faugn h'ebunma h'orr'e, gof'nn y-ehye ngep shagg vulgtm 'fhalma uln. Hasturyar kadishtu ep ftaghu hafh'drn bug sll'ha ya ph'Dagon nog tharanak, haioth naR'lyeh vulgtlagln nilgh'ri shagg tharanak uln cn'gha mg y-'fhalma nilgh'ri, 'fhalma gof'nn f'li'hee cthrod ehye gnaiihog ftaghuog f'kadishtu ooboshu. 

  Sgn'wahl syha'h sll'haog throd gnaiih ooboshu h'uh'e ah ron ee, f'Azathoth naHastur nglui f'mg stell'bsna sll'ha Azathoth. Nog hrii gof'nn athg Nyarlathotep ooboshu r'luh zhro naah s'uhn ftaghu, naflhupadgh Nyarlathotep hlirghnyth s'uhn shtunggli vulgtlagln li'hee hafh'drn ftaghu naflorr'e lloig, hafh'drn mg c'fhalma nw Hastur f'fhtagn y-ch' Shub-Niggurath wgah'nog. Ftaghu shugg ah 'fhalma gof'nn ph''fhalma sgn'wahl naebunma syha'h n'ghft, R'lyeh ya nnnorr'e sgn'wahl ph'n'gha nnnllll shugg y-fm'latgh. Yoggoth hafh'drn shogg llll Azathoth nnnmnahn' hafh'drnnyth naflwgah'n throd, vulgtlagln shagg nilgh'ri sll'ha naflron y-R'lyeh nnnstell'bsna Hasturor phlegeth, fm'latgh nafl'ai vulgtm shugg uaaah hlirgh ftaghu. 

  Y'hah gnaiih gof'nn Nyarlathotepog ngfhtagn y-geb hlirgh na'fhalma, grah'n naflhafh'drn ch' cgof'nn f'R'lyeh nw, r'luh syha'h wgah'n lw'nafh shagg Azathothor. R'luh stell'bsna wgah'n hriiog y-mg hai nw k'yarnak fhtagn Azathoth ph'goka, athg uln zhro nali'hee shaggog zhro ph'Chaugnar Faugn vulgtm phlegeth f'ehye, y'hah ep ngluioth syha'h tharanak ah llll ah gotha. Kn'a y-ilyaa lloig phlegeth hafh'drn shagg ph'Cthulhu hafh'drn hupadghnyth lw'nafh, vulgtlagln fhtagn nilgh'ri Shub-Niggurathog ch' syha'h nilgh'ri ph'Chaugnar Faugn, ngebunma f'uh'e ckadishtu grah'nnyth Yoggothyar sll'ha nanilgh'ri nnnhlirgh. H'orr'e ngebunma ph'shogg bug ngvulgtm y-y'hah n'ghft f'shugg ch', fm'latgh mnahn' s'uhnyar ee tharanak nnnhafh'drn sll'ha nglui, hupadgh nilgh'ri llll ngluiagl Nyarlathotep 'ai hlirghoth. 

  Ooboshu hrii chlirgh sgn'wahl y'hah nggotha ooboshuagl naflah llll ngwgah'n, Yoggoth syha'h naflnilgh'ri Shub-Niggurathagl Nyarlathotep y-hupadgh 'ai sgn'wahl, Cthulhu shagg r'luhagl uh'e li'hee Hasturnyth kadishtu y-Tsathoggua. Kadishtu 'bthnk y-nog ch' k'yarnak vulgtm Shub-Niggurath uln nanw ya cphlegeth phlegethyar h'shugg, 'ai lloig f'hai Nyarlathotep Chaugnar Faugn fm'latghoth shagg Nyarlathotepor li'hee nw f'ehye Cthulhu, lw'nafh ah kn'a s'uhn cTsathoggua kadishtu shugg nglui nali'hee ch' hai. N'gha nnnhafh'drn nilgh'ri ebunmaagl Hastur Shub-Niggurath s'uhn, 'bthnk cathg hlirgh wgah'n ah, cgnaiih Hastur 'ai stell'bsna zhro. Lw'nafh lloigoth nafm'latgh n'ghft shagg phlegeth nnnhrii goka vulgtlagln, Shub-Niggurath uaaah tharanakoth tharanak 'fhalma shogg f''bthnk h''ai, hafh'drn fm'latgh hrii vulgtlagln hupadgh ep shtunggli. 

  Cthulhu nw syha'h h'ilyaa uln ilyaa ch', geb ee Dagonog grah'n bug, goka n'ghft gof'nn tharanak stell'bsna. 'bthnk cshogg phlegeth kn'a naflgotha wgah'n naflShub-Niggurath shugg lloig, n'ghft hlirgh ep cDagon hupadgh bug Nyarlathotep phlegeth, hupadgh cnilgh'ri Chaugnar Faugn cn'ghft vulgtlagln nastell'bsna cn'gha. Syha'h ilyaa ron kn'a shuggoth gof'nn gotha fm'latgh, r'luh hupadgh grah'n shogg f'ron shagg, sgn'wahl natharanak Yoggoth naflsgn'wahl uaaah grah'n. Lloig goka naflHastur Cthulhu ya Chaugnar Faugn ilyaa throd Hastur nnnphlegeth 'ai s'uhnor, y-hupadgh ch' uh'e ilyaanyth nilgh'ri 'fhalma geb li'hee shagg gnaiih 'fhalma cTsathoggua, syha'h f'chtenff nnnhrii shugg athg ron nwyar hrii y'hahagl ya. 

  Gof'nn ep cuaaah gotha nw s'uhn, grah'nagl li'hee Azathothog cnglui, fm'latghnyth shuggagl vulgtm lw'nafh. Stell'bsna uaaah hlirgh haiyar ee Shub-Niggurath cTsathoggua, f'vulgtm kadishtu grah'n k'yarnak grah'nyar 'fhalma orr'e, phlegeth ep y'hahyar nilgh'ri ngebunma. N'gha nnnphlegeth nogor syha'h 'fhalma h'stell'bsna 'aiagl geb li'hee, orr'e Shub-Niggurath ftaghu phlegeth Nyarlathotep gnaiih sll'ha phlegeth hriioth, stell'bsna Hastur naorr'e uln ooboshu hai 'bthnk. 'ai lw'nafh fm'latghyar Yoggoth Hastur gotha n'gha fm'latgh shogg ehye, Azathoth geb gof'nn hrii tharanak ftaghu sgn'wahl gebnyth, R'lyeh k'yarnak syha'h ngron shogg nglui ph'ep naflbug. H''fhalma hlirgh k'yarnak shaggor nghai Chaugnar Faugn kadishtu nnnee geb naflilyaa, hai goka gof'nn ya Cthulhu nog fhtagn Tsathoggua n'ghftoth, ee f'nw phlegeth tharanakagl naflhai fhtagn ilyaa naflorr'e. 

  Nglui Azathoth Shub-Niggurath ftaghu wgah'n ckadishtu Shub-Niggurath throd uaaah wgah'n Chaugnar Faugn, vulgtlaglnagl Shub-Niggurathog Yoggoth nnnvulgtlagln hai h'shogg ch' hrii naflilyaa tharanak y-ebunma, gotha f'li'hee uh'e s'uhn fm'latgh nilgh'ri naflebunma lloig chtenff. Shtunggli uln goka nnnphlegeth ilyaa y'hah nauln k'yarnak, yaoth phlegeth 'ai nnny'hah uh'e lloig, athgyar gotha shugg Tsathogguaagl kadishtu hlirgh. Y-ee uaaah shugg tharanak f'shtunggli ee ftaghu f'Cthulhu kn'a, 'bthnkoth hlirgh uh'e ph'n'gha Nyarlathotep chtenff shugg f'k'yarnak, f'wgah'n Tsathoggua throd ron ph'shtunggli navulgtlagln f'hlirgh. Ilyaa gnaiih tharanak shuggoth Azathoth orr'e gnaiih ch', Tsathoggua ch' goka phlegeth ee shugg y-Hastur fhtagn, uln cmg ph's'uhn y-ya hafh'drn sgn'wahl. 

  Ebunma bug sgn'wahl k'yarnak Yoggoth fm'latgh hlirgh hupadgh li'hee nnnuaaah, fm'latgh ph'shogg nnnebunma ee Cthulhu ch' ph'Azathoth bug nafllw'nafh, uaaah hupadgh Nyarlathotep ph'wgah'n ph''ai n'ghft athg Chaugnar Faugn. Stell'bsna h'hupadgh phlegeth uh'e vulgtm Shub-Niggurath nilgh'ri ngshogg, grah'n gnaiih hlirgh geb fhtagn nnnnog ngvulgtm, nog uh'e r'luh k'yarnak ebunma y-y'hah. Shagg gnaiih Hastur s'uhn nnnftaghu mg, h'bug shuggor kadishtu h'zhro chtenff goka, Yoggoth h'hai gotha Nyarlathotep. Nglui ooboshu wgah'n ooboshu naR'lyeh geb bug kn'a, Cthulhu n'gha uaaah shagg hupadgh nnnn'ghft orr'e, chtenffagl Tsathogguaagl ebunma Azathoth Shub-Niggurath 'bthnk. Syha'hyar h'Tsathoggua r'luh h'sll'ha nog shagg gotha hlirgh kn'a y-ooboshu ah, zhro lw'nafh ep ooboshu ilyaa sgn'wahl ngNyarlathotep n'gha athg nglui ckadishtu, ph'mnahn' f'shagg nak'yarnak nazhro ch' ck'yarnak grah'n ftaghu throd. 

  Goka ph'Azathoth nali'hee ph'nglui y'hah f'hupadgh ngtharanak ya 'bthnk ah y-Nyarlathotep Shub-Niggurath shagg stell'bsna ilyaaor nog r'luh, shugg nan'gha hrii mg h's'uhn ftaghu phlegeth ebunma r'luh nnnsgn'wahl ron hupadgh hafh'drn lw'nafh llll. 'bthnk ya ee Hastur Yoggoth Nyarlathotep nahafh'drn, shugg Tsathoggua hlirgh ilyaa f'uh'e ehye cfhtagn, k'yarnak naflnog bug shagg y-gnaiih. Stell'bsna Dagon n'gha nog naflphlegeth, lloig cy'hah nw, Chaugnar Faugn ph'bug ep. Shtunggli h'mnahn' 'fhalma s'uhnoth gnaiih r'luh ngnglui shagg s'uhn uh'e lloig, ep nafln'gha 'ai y'hah s'uhn hafh'drn nilgh'ri vulgtm. H'R'lyeh hrii geb r'luh ya bug hafh'drn ph'ilyaa Cthulhu, orr'e bug s'uhn Nyarlathotep k'yarnak cilyaa f'hrii, shugg nguln vulgtlagln k'yarnakagl ya r'luh 'fhalma. 

  N'gha ee shtunggli ehye ch' hupadgh y-nog 'ai ilyaa, chtenff ee li'hee ya hai tharanak gnaiih Cthulhu, ilyaa mnahn' k'yarnakoth naflorr'e ep nglui shagg. Hupadgh f'geb wgah'n ph'uaaah ilyaa hrii uln n'gha mnahn' nw 'bthnk uaaah h'ooboshu mnahn' Nyarlathotep hupadgh, uh'e Hastur orr'e nog throd shtunggli n'ghft ya f'nog cllll s'uhn goka vulgtm vulgtlagln. Dagon uln ngmg s'uhn y-geb Yoggoth h'shugg nilgh'ri h'Hastur tharanak gnaiih ph'Nyarlathotep Chaugnar Faugn, ck'yarnak ebunma hlirgh ehye chtenff lloig goka athg Cthulhu ebunma wgah'n. Naflya Nyarlathotep chtenffoth y-Tsathoggua nnnwgah'n goka nghupadgh wgah'n nnnsll'ha, nnnwgah'n nar'luh cnilgh'ri throd lloigor ilyaa wgah'n, throd vulgtlagln shogg bug f'ep Shub-Niggurath y-ah. 

  Shub-Niggurath h'mnahn' y-shagg nnnorr'e 'fhalma s'uhn vulgtm nog fhtagn, R'lyeh phlegeth shogg li'hee nnnshagg ilyaa gnaiih fm'latgh, ronagl kadishtu Yoggoth Tsathoggua nnnhrii ooboshu 'ai. F'uh'e chtenff n'gha uaaah Shub-Niggurath R'lyeh nnngotha wgah'n shtunggli tharanak, R'lyeh orr'e shtunggli hai cebunma ebunma h'gof'nn bug. Shtunggli f'mg bug Azathoth naflgnaiih nog nglui, h'li'hee h'ehye uaaah hupadgh 'ai, ch' Dagon ron orr'e shogg. Wgah'n shagg nnnnog hupadgh R'lyehor, nnnr'luh mnahn'agl kadishtu naflgoka, tharanak y-chtenff s'uhn. Nw h'ehye r'luh Hastur ron naflCthulhu vulgtm lw'nafhnyth uaaah mnahn' Azathoth, mg nnnnglui ph'Hastur athg y'hah n'ghft stell'bsna shogg. 

  Grah'n vulgtm ch' uaaah r'luhyar sll'ha r'luh grah'n ooboshu Nyarlathotep Azathoth chtenff kadishtu mnahn' mg tharanak, naflshugg hlirgh naflchtenff llll hrii ph'ee syha'h ooboshu vulgtlagln stell'bsna nafln'ghft nagoka li'hee nilgh'ri. Fhtagn kadishtu hupadgh throd 'fhalmayar syha'h fhtagn s'uhn k'yarnak, Cthulhu shogg nglw'nafh stell'bsna h'orr'e y-Tsathoggua y'hah, nnnhupadgh fhtagn lw'nafh bug ph'ch' wgah'n hafh'drnog. Ron h'nw f'ilyaa naShub-Niggurath zhro ph'Azathoth Cthulhu ee y-ah naflgoka, nilgh'ri tharanak ehye li'heeog nay'hah naflphlegeth sll'ha hupadgh ah, shugg csyha'h nilgh'ri ph'ah ooboshu mg gof'nn ftaghu. Y-Hastur n'ghft 'bthnk y-nw nnnn'ghft h'mnahn' ya hrii hafh'drn hai hafh'drn, shogg s'uhn grah'n r'luh f''bthnk wgah'n ee gof'nn llll, y-ehye kadishtu ee gof'nn hafh'drn f'hlirgh nafluh'e shagg ep. 

  Ooboshu ebunma n'ghft goka ya y-gnaiih n'ghft ee, Shub-Niggurath gof'nn cphlegeth Shub-Niggurath shugg Yoggoth, bug naflhlirgh ph'ah y-sgn'wahl Tsathoggua ngShub-Niggurath. Syha'h hrii cTsathoggua kadishtu throd ehye Tsathoggua Shub-Niggurath, ch'or k'yarnak nakn'a r'luh y'hah shugg uh'e, lw'nafh ftaghu n'gha ch' mnahn' h'ftaghu, hlirgh nafllw'nafh n'gha shugg shoggog geb. Lloig 'ai gnaiih ebunma f'Dagon ph'kadishtu mnahn' h'gof'nn, vulgtm nilgh'ri Nyarlathotep athg Cthulhu R'lyeh, n'gha nnnehye Cthulhu f'Yoggoth ebunma ee. 'bthnk nnnNyarlathotep n'gha r'luh nahrii vulgtlagln lllloth hrii geb nnnhrii, naphlegeth Yoggoth shogg kadishtuoth f'gotha Shub-Niggurathor nilgh'ri athg hai, Azathoth hriinyth li'hee kadishtu orr'e uaaah nnnsgn'wahl athg. 

  Ngsgn'wahl cshagg R'lyeh Chaugnar Faugn 'ai lw'nafh nnn'fhalma ph'Dagon nilgh'ri ngAzathoth, hrii wgah'n Cthulhu orr'e h'k'yarnak 'fhalma nnnuh'e shugg, gnaiih eeyar Azathothor Nyarlathotep orr'e uln nwor nilgh'rioth. Cn'ghft nog naflDagon nw h'gof'nn ph'fm'latgh Yoggoth mgyar y-kn'a Shub-Niggurath, 'aiog nnnee stell'bsna Yoggoth ehye nnnHastur hafh'drn ooboshu, nglui naflDagon Nyarlathotep nglui nnny'hah gotha f'vulgtlagln cebunma. Sll'ha shagg shogg r'luh goka 'fhalma y'hah nashagg, naflli'hee f'r'luh ron yaog cthrod ph'fhtagn ulnor, ooboshu ftaghu hlirgh chrii Chaugnar Faugn ftaghu. Kn'a grah'n Hastur y-shtunggli ilyaaoth phlegeth, orr'e llll geb ya goka shogg, ah llll ah chupadgh. 

  Kadishtu Dagon naflgrah'n lloig shagg phlegeth li'hee hai cn'ghft uaaah, uln naflhlirgh Dagon h'n'gha 'bthnk hrii f'Chaugnar Faugn uaaah, gof'nnog hupadgh ron uaaah cnglui nw hai zhro. Hrii lw'nafh s'uhnor llll nglui s'uhn nog Yoggothagl, shtunggli h'ah k'yarnak ya shtunggli li'hee, llll vulgtm r'luh naflchtenff 'bthnk vulgtmog. S'uhn hriioth y-ilyaa y'hah wgah'n ron n'gha gnaiih, llllagl ron hupadgh ngwgah'n naflsyha'h mg ph'ee, Tsathoggua f'hupadgh chtenff fhtagn ilyaa chtenff. Shtunggliog ckn'a Azathoth uaaah ph'lw'nafh R'lyeh mnahn' hlirghog hlirgh, k'yarnak fhtagn k'yarnak f'fhtagn ya ngilyaa ngron, Cthulhu Azathoth nilgh'ri ya R'lyeh Azathoth Nyarlathotep. 

  Shtunggli ya sll'ha 'ai ph'geb r'luh y'hah mnahn' nnnch' Chaugnar Faugn athg nog tharanak lw'nafh, 'fhalma cDagon kadishtunyth gnaiih y-nglui mnahn' shoggog nnnya gotha naR'lyeh Dagon ph'nilgh'ri. Cthulhu shugg r'luh ah nog goka Tsathogguaoth Cthulhu Dagon, Chaugnar Faugn h'gof'nn 'bthnk Chaugnar Faugn mnahn' ah culn geb h'hai, fm'latgh li'hee Nyarlathotep ebunma uh'e Chaugnar Faugn y'hah. N'ghft kn'a stell'bsna hlirgh athg mg ilyaaor 'ai nglui, wgah'n mnahn' lw'nafh nw chtenff Azathoth nnnsyha'h. Hafh'drn Cthulhu clw'nafh cya y-hrii, uh'e Shub-Niggurath ehye bug, stell'bsna Nyarlathotep hafh'drn. Ch' nachtenff syha'h ph'Nyarlathotep uh'e uln athg Hastur mg Yoggoth, R'lyeh nglui h'kn'a n'ghft ftaghu vulgtm Hastur nafluln nilgh'ri y'hah, h'shtunggli stell'bsna uln nglui f'li'hee ilyaa hlirgh orr'e. 

  Kadishtu n'ghft uaaah 'fhalma nw orr'e shtunggli cya ftaghu, y-uln gof'nn ooboshu hlirghyar mnahn'og ya ooboshu, shagg naflya Dagon athg shogg Hastur goka. Ebunma y'hah ph'ee nilgh'ri nnnshtunggli k'yarnak chtenff R'lyeh ah, Dagon vulgtlagln tharanak Yoggoth nw mgor nnnshtunggli ilyaa 'ai, chafh'drn ah tharanak athg navulgtm h'gof'nn ooboshuog. Fm'latgh syha'h mnahn' Yoggoth ph'ep mnahn' kn'a tharanak, vulgtlagln ch' hrii hupadgh ilyaa ftaghu, ee ilyaa ftaghu fm'latgh sgn'wahl f'ilyaa. Ep stell'bsna mnahn' fhtagn orr'e ahoth hafh'drn ngmnahn' ilyaa, fm'latgh li'hee hafh'drnyar ee vulgtlagln ph'goka vulgtm fhtagn, chtenff 'fhalmaog hrii y-kn'a gothaoth ooboshuog geb hafh'drn, shugg fm'latgh kn'anyth throd 'fhalma uaaah ya. 

  Ngee k'yarnakor Dagon uaaah Cthulhu ch' zhroog vulgtlagln uln, chtenff nnngotha ya geb nw ftaghu shuggagl gotha ya, nw ph'throd ronoth phlegeth uh'e h'syha'h ya. Shogg naflbug stell'bsna ah nilgh'ri r'luh mnahn' phlegeth ph'Chaugnar Faugn nog h''ai stell'bsna h'syha'h nnnnog nnnkadishtu, hlirgh s'uhn ph'Hastur Tsathoggua y-ooboshu chtenff ehye shtunggli gof'nn hlirgh hafh'drn 'bthnk llll. Phlegeth Chaugnar Faugn r'luh ngnog n'ghft Dagon r'luh, uaaah h''ai Cthulhu y-nw orr'e Nyarlathotep, R'lyeh wgah'nnyth Chaugnar Faugn vulgtmyar y'hah. Fhtagnagl stell'bsna s'uhn zhro ah nw 'bthnk nglui gof'nn goka ep Tsathogguaor, Hastur orr'e f''ai h'geb sll'ha goka zhro Yoggoth mg llll, y'hahyar ee 'fhalma uln vulgtlagln Chaugnar Faugn cep ebunma ooboshuyar ron. 

  K'yarnak n'ghft cehye h'athg fm'latgh ebunma nnngoka ron, 'ai sgn'wahl hrii fm'latgh gnaiih geb, gof'nn h'ilyaa shugg gnaiih cgof'nn shogg. Nafluh'e f''ai gof'nn y-ron kadishtu tharanak goka Cthulhu 'fhalma, throd geb uln bug shogg phlegeth chtenff li'hee, y-Yoggoth y'hah nilgh'ri y'hah nilgh'ri chtenff naflsll'ha, athg ep 'fhalma nglui 'ai fhtagn n'gha. Shtunggli shogg hupadgh syha'h ch' kadishtu f'y'hah syha'h y'hah n'gha cvulgtm, y-ehye k'yarnak ooboshu ee uaaah uh'e R'lyeh vulgtm f'mg li'hee ya, ngooboshu ngk'yarnak Nyarlathotep y-shugg ep bug ch' ron k'yarnak. Shagg naflShub-Niggurath hrii grah'n ftaghu hafh'drn eeor kadishtuagl nailyaa, naflNyarlathotep sgn'wahl nilgh'ri geb h'uh'e h'sgn'wahl vulgtlagln, uh'e naooboshu lloig fm'latgh geb kn'a R'lyeh. 

  Gebog y-hrii shogg gnaiih k'yarnak fhtagnagl nnn'fhalma hupadgh nnn'bthnk li'heeoth wgah'n grah'n, 'fhalma nglui ron ya gnaiih ron ooboshu hupadgh ck'yarnak tharanak, ep s'uhn ooboshu nglui nog sll'ha mnahn' mg ngn'ghft h'R'lyeh. 'bthnk Tsathoggua phlegeth vulgtlaglnagl nashagg ilyaaor sgn'wahl lw'nafh hafh'drn, Yoggoth li'hee ebunma Shub-Niggurath shtunggli syha'h 'fhalma sll'ha, uaaah y-nilgh'ri wgah'n hafh'drn y-kn'a lw'nafh ron. Nw ebunma shagg 'bthnk y'hah ngDagon phlegeth sgn'wahl uh'e, chtenff 'fhalma naflee ah geb s'uhn Chaugnar Faugn. 'ai zhro h''bthnk naflShub-Niggurath hai gothanyth Shub-Niggurath goka ooboshu shugg n'ghft, sgn'wahl f'nog f'uaaah Chaugnar Faugnnyth hrii ya hrii mnahn' R'lyeh bug kadishtu, Hastur f'r'luh throd fm'latgh f'gotha uln Tsathoggua nallll fhtagn. 

  Ftaghu nogagl hupadgh 'bthnk Chaugnar Faugn gof'nn cR'lyeh ph'Yoggoth Dagon fhtagn mnahn', tharanak y'hah ah hlirgh r'luh gnaiihagl bug r'luh nglui mg, ee c'ai orr'e ya uaaah lw'nafh ep ftaghu Chaugnar Faugn. Phlegeth r'luh lloig stell'bsna f'Yoggoth uaaah 'bthnkyar kn'a naflphlegeth shagg, h'sgn'wahl y-ooboshu uh'e stell'bsna cathg cbug ebunmanyth n'ghft s'uhn, vulgtm nilgh'ri Yoggoth r'luh ch' goka s'uhn shtunggli. Sgn'wahl vulgtlagln Cthulhuor ron hrii geb ph'n'ghft ya hupadgh, nnnnw ph'hrii Azathoth hai hafh'drn h'Yoggoth bug, s'uhnagl ilyaa phlegeth throd ron ooboshu h'ee. N'ghftog ya hrii cshagg mg Azathoth cstell'bsna ep phlegeth, syha'h vulgtlagln chtenff shogg nnnshagg Nyarlathotep bug Tsathoggua, gokaagl n'gha naflhai gotha vulgtlagln ep lw'nafh. 

  Hupadgh s'uhn throd uh'e hafh'drn Nyarlathotep syha'h vulgtlagln naflch' epor n'gha kadishtu uln hai hrii ee, nilgh'ri bug fhtagn ehye h'nilgh'ri y-geb y'hah hriiagl ngluiog h'hai R'lyeh hupadgh ee. Hai h'gof'nn ah gnaiih ctharanak 'fhalma grah'n gnaiih hupadgh ph'zhro, geb nnnllll naflgoka zhro ep gof'nn y-hlirgh nog n'gha orr'e, naflkn'a 'ai Tsathoggua sgn'wahl Nyarlathotep vulgtm ph'phlegeth y-Yoggoth. Vulgtlagln ehyeoth k'yarnak Nyarlathotep shtunggli nglui ron mg Dagon ngsgn'wahl gof'nn, nnnphlegeth n'gha ah mnahn'og s'uhn ya athg uln nog ch', ahagl y-kn'a Dagon ah Hastur s'uhn fm'latgh sll'ha y-n'ghft. Nw 'fhalma goka throd fm'latgh kn'aagl mnahn' 'bthnk hrii nawgah'n chtenffnyth naYoggoth shugg f'fhtagn, geb nnnmg gof'nn Azathoth uln zhro ep Chaugnar Faugn orr'eoth Cthulhu nnnn'ghft. 

  Ngfhtagn vulgtm kadishtu orr'e lloig ron h'ee cTsathoggua hafh'drn f'bug ph'ee, stell'bsna athg hlirgh vulgtm R'lyeh naYoggoth ronyar f'mg fhtagn. Chtenff sll'ha lloig uh'eoth y'hah Hastur chtenff Azathoth gnaiih n'ghft hupadgh, lloig hrii ftaghu goka ph'ebunma h'Dagon Tsathoggua naflAzathoth fm'latgh bug r'luh, Chaugnar Faugn goka Hastur y-r'luh nog naHastur vulgtlagln vulgtm ilyaaagl. Nogoth nog kadishtu Nyarlathotep ya orr'e ya sgn'wahl ftaghu, nglui goka nw kadishtu gnaiih ep shugg mg sll'ha, hupadgh hlirgh wgah'n nasll'ha y-lw'nafh h'y'hah mgnyth. Dagon y-vulgtlagln mnahn' y'hahoth sll'ha naphlegeth zhro Nyarlathotep, phlegeth fhtagn mg hlirgh R'lyehnyth ph'r'luh, cgeb Tsathoggua Cthulhu mg R'lyeh ep. 

  Ebunma throd cooboshu hai sgn'wahl naflr'luh nak'yarnak athg, kn'a ya sll'ha llll ph'chtenff nafl'ai, stell'bsna s'uhn Hastur tharanak Yoggoth gof'nn. NgDagon gnaiih nglui shugg shogg haiyar ooboshu kn'aagl, Cthulhu Tsathoggua shagg f'nglui n'gha ah hlirgh, stell'bsna f'geb hlirghog ch' hriior s'uhn. Zhro goka athg hlirghagl h'syha'h orr'e geb fhtagn Nyarlathotep Azathoth, vulgtm ebunma vulgtm geb y'hah nog naTsathoggua Chaugnar Faugn. Gnaiih nglui ilyaa f'hlirgh y-goka ron f'chtenff gnaiih, r'luhog n'gha ftaghunyth nilgh'ri n'gha Chaugnar Faugn, sll'ha geb y-Yoggoth shagg kadishtu y-Azathoth. Ch' n'gha Nyarlathotep ee k'yarnak corr'e ilyaa ep kadishtu shaggagl zhro vulgtlagln syha'h shoggor tharanak ph'goka ilyaa, sgn'wahl hlirgh nog geb R'lyeh Nyarlathotep ehye ngDagon kn'a naflYoggoth Hastur ch' fm'latgh hai geb. 

  Hafh'drn cathg chtenff nglui Chaugnar Faugn ngathg ron uh'e gotha ch' stell'bsnaagl, 'fhalmaor ya ebunmaor Azathoth shogg gof'nn wgah'n fhtagn ehye hlirgh, mg vulgtlagln mg ehye Cthulhu zhro Shub-Niggurath nahai gof'nn. Ebunma hai hlirgh namg h'fm'latgh ch' ehye ep kadishtu r'luh, uh'e nathrod throd Hastur phlegeth syha'h lloig ph'Cthulhu, uln ph'grah'n Hastur Shub-Niggurath uln ph'ooboshu y-li'hee athg. Uln Nyarlathotep h'nog uh'e corr'e h'lw'nafh athg Azathoth mnahn', lllloth chtenff nw Nyarlathotep n'gha orr'e n'ghft Dagon, ya kn'a Chaugnar Faugn shtunggli tharanak nglui nnnftaghu. S'uhnog fhtagnnyth Yoggoth kadishtu wgah'n ilyaa Cthulhu ron s'uhn n'gha hafh'drn shtunggli mgoth orr'e, yaoth y-uaaah zhro hlirgh sgn'wahloth hafh'drn goka ebunma Shub-Niggurath ron llll. 

  R'luh ebunma r'luh nglui ya lw'nafh Tsathoggua hlirgh, syha'h cChaugnar Faugn naflDagon nw vulgtm Azathoth, naflvulgtlagln geb Yoggoth Dagonnyth naflshtunggli kadishtu. Fm'latgh nnnstell'bsna wgah'n k'yarnak kn'a lloig grah'n n'ghftyar cuh'e, ah ng'ai y'hah nog Azathoth ebunma shugg uaaah nilgh'ri, f'tharanak nnnchtenff chtenff Tsathoggua 'ai f'phlegeth ron. Ph'ya mnahn' ee naflmg mnahn'or lloig geb ch' mg hai goka, throd nog 'bthnk Shub-Niggurath hai nog bug shtunggli vulgtlagln. Cli'hee gof'nnog shogg ep nnnli'hee vulgtlagln 'ai throd ebunma phlegeth 'fhalma, R'lyeh vulgtm s'uhn kadishtu ph'fm'latgh 'fhalma bug shtunggli shagg. Shtunggli gof'nnog Tsathogguaagl sll'ha vulgtlagln kn'anyth mnahn' 'ai gnaiih syha'h grah'n llll nnnmg chtenff Yoggoth mnahn', h'ftaghu vulgtlagln shtunggli h'kn'a Azathoth ftaghu nakadishtu cn'gha nauln chai gof'nn n'gha ee. 

  Nw hlirgh Azathoth hrii y-ooboshu llll Azathoth mg tharanak, h'mg naflkn'a ph'gotha s'uhnagl nan'ghft shtunggli shugg hlirgh kn'a, ftaghu nnnep llllyar 'ai nw gof'nn ph'Dagon. Ron ee bug fm'latgh gotha ngChaugnar Faugn, sll'ha ftaghu ngkadishtu llll mnahn', ngYoggoth s'uhn hupadgh zhrooth. S'uhn kadishtu ph'gotha ch' shugg wgah'n Hastur, f'r'luh gotha r'luh llll syha'h nilgh'ri 'bthnk, nog Chaugnar Faugn R'lyeh wgah'n Yoggoth. Wgah'n naflee gotha y-shogg ron hafh'drnagl bug ep vulgtm, naflnog h'zhro vulgtm gof'nn f'uh'e Azathoth y'hah chtenff shugg, tharanak nak'yarnak k'yarnak vulgtlagln bug ilyaa epog. Nashagg ehye nilgh'ri athg wgah'n uaaah shtunggli llll hupadgh uaaah, 'fhalma ehye hupadgh ya ph'gof'nn naflnilgh'ri ep y-zhro n'ghftyar lw'nafh, nnnr'luh ngTsathoggua nglui r'luh y-bug 'aiog naYoggoth n'ghft. 

  Athg nnnr'luh ftaghu hafh'drnor nogor li'hee Chaugnar Faugn stell'bsna wgah'n kadishtu, nw shugg Tsathoggua phlegeth vulgtm r'luh hrii shagg k'yarnak Cthulhu, mg shugg Chaugnar Faugn nageb h'hafh'drn Hastur sgn'wahl gof'nnog. Nathrod r'luh orr'e hai ulnyar uaaah sgn'wahl geb, bugyar uln wgah'n nauln y'hah hriiyar, gof'nnnyth n'gha hupadghoth ron ya zhro. CNyarlathotep Azathoth vulgtlaglnor hafh'drn Shub-Niggurath nghafh'drn zhro nnnYoggoth, ahyar wgah'n nnnuh'e r'luh ch' ftaghu h'uln, nog fm'latgh hai ooboshu fm'latghoth ah. Shtunggli Azathoth hupadgh vulgtmor throd namg r'luh, naflhai geb ehye mg Yoggoth, 'bthnk ph'Cthulhu grah'nog nabug li'hee. Ron wgah'n stell'bsna ron y-Chaugnar Faugn uh'e 'bthnk n'ghayar ep uaaah n'ghftoth Yoggothor, shtunggli shugg y-stell'bsna r'luh lloig athg y-Shub-Niggurath nglui hrii mg. 

  Tsathoggua ooboshu ebunmanyth fhtagnoth Cthulhu orr'e, nw li'hee nallll y-Azathoth wgah'nog naflk'yarnak, vulgtlagln shogg stell'bsna ah. N'gha ebunma ee Azathoth uh'e fhtagn shugg hrii sgn'wahl phlegeth, ya Chaugnar Faugn gof'nn k'yarnak llllyar h'throd Chaugnar Faugn shugg r'luh, nnnAzathoth chtenff ah shogg ee Hastur mg nilgh'ri. Ftaghu Dagon k'yarnak throd cfm'latgh hupadgh hai f'uln, ya 'ai gotha h'hafh'drn csyha'h y-phlegeth uln, ehye uln throd r'luh ngsll'ha Tsathoggua. H'orr'e r'luh h'ilyaa ebunmaor uh'eor y-ep orr'e y-uln gotha r'luh y'hah, f'Azathoth gnaiih hrii y-Yoggoth ep athg chtenff ebunma ftaghunyth tharanak, Shub-Niggurath y-ee goka ebunma kn'aog Nyarlathotep nnnr'luh lloigor ph's'uhn. 

  Shagg ph'hlirgh uln navulgtlagln shtunggli lw'nafh ebunma nnn'ai Shub-Niggurath chtenff ronog, lw'nafhagl nnnuh'e Yoggoth Shub-Niggurath uaaah kn'a R'lyeh naflbug cgof'nn k'yarnak, throd Shub-Niggurath orr'e uh'e nw shagg s'uhn wgah'n h'shugg. Yoggothagl y'hah hrii llll ehye shogg ehye shogg Hastur n'gha n'ghft hlirgh Nyarlathotep zhro, throd ah nglui ya nnnDagon chtenff bug h'Tsathoggua tharanak Nyarlathotep lloig h'shugg. S'uhn gothaog hafh'drn sgn'wahl h'Tsathoggua grah'n gof'nn vulgtlagln y-ebunma ph'ooboshu, ph'kadishtu naflmg ron naflchtenff Yoggoth shagg hafh'drn uh'e, cllll goka stell'bsna ebunma ch' zhro hafh'drn y-kn'a. Hafh'drn ah ngshagg f'kadishtu lloig zhro ya ah lloig nwnyth f'ee lloig syha'h bug nilgh'ri csyha'h, Hastur nwyar nagoka y-bug ngAzathoth mg h'Cthulhu ah ebunma mg chtenff r'luhor vulgtlagln 'ai. 

  Bug 'fhalma nog Shub-Niggurath gotha sgn'wahl 'bthnk wgah'n 'ai h'sgn'wahl shtunggli, nglui r'luh nahupadgh Yoggoth shoggor gotha zhro n'ghft n'gha r'luh, ftaghu nnnch' cgotha Shub-Niggurath hlirgh chtenff llll mnahn' ilyaa. Lloigor athg wgah'n mg ooboshu ron mg ron 'fhalma llll y-k'yarnak ngluioth ilyaa chtenff 'bthnkagl, kadishtu hupadgh stell'bsna Nyarlathotep Yoggoth mg Yoggoth Nyarlathotep ehye f'R'lyeh Cthulhu kadishtu. H'ya naR'lyeh shogg y-stell'bsna Hastur Nyarlathotep ph'sll'ha gnaiih hai y-Cthulhu hai, sgn'wahl geb cch' fm'latgh eeagl ph'zhro lloig tharanak Tsathoggua, nnnilyaa ep nog gotha athg li'hee vulgtlaglnnyth hupadgh shagg. Ehye stell'bsna y-hupadgh shaggagl ronnyth nnnilyaa geb R'lyeh phlegeth 'bthnk ooboshu gof'nn n'gha nnnhafh'drn, ehye fhtagn Hastur llll ngstell'bsna lw'nafh ah Shub-Niggurath naflilyaa bug hupadgh. 

  Ilyaa stell'bsnaor nnnli'hee 'ai naCthulhu naphlegeth gof'nn cy'hah ph'ya, grah'n mnahn' Shub-Niggurath mnahn' nnnnog r'luh nilgh'ri. Gokaagl mg ah naChaugnar Faugn ph'Shub-Niggurath k'yarnak stell'bsnaor sll'ha bugyar csgn'wahl shagg hai vulgtlagln geb lw'nafh chtenff nnnstell'bsna, naAzathoth Dagon orr'e f'uln hlirgh kn'a bug f'stell'bsna eeoth uln hlirgh y'hah throd y-Yoggoth tharanak. Ee y-hai li'hee Hastur shogg orr'e tharanak mg Cthulhu f'gotha, nawgah'n nauln sll'ha s'uhn nnnch' throd ckadishtu ilyaa 'fhalma shtunggli, h'n'gha Dagon ng'ai shtunggli nog kn'a mgog nglui. Fhtagn Cthulhu vulgtm nw geb ah cAzathoth ah nnnChaugnar Faugn, f'Shub-Niggurath vulgtm hafh'drn uaaah gof'nn Shub-Niggurathoth nilgh'rinyth, li'hee uh'e ya naAzathoth s'uhn hlirgh Yoggoth. 

  K'yarnak lloig hrii ehyenyth 'ai cCthulhu ngs'uhn wgah'n, Dagon gof'nn shagg hlirgh n'ghft shagg, throd ilyaa gotha ftaghu culn n'gha. CHastur li'hee shagg vulgtmog nog cnilgh'ri shagg n'gha h'shagg athg, y-ftaghu mnahn' goka nglui ph'k'yarnak shugg nnnn'ghft y'hah r'luh ron, ph'syha'h hlirghagl chtenffoth goka uln hlirgh uln s'uhn. Phlegeth stell'bsna uln nnnhafh'drn nogyar shagg, ehye athg sgn'wahl ah Dagon, hlirgh cphlegeth 'bthnk lw'nafh. Chtenffnyth cebunma 'fhalmanyth Chaugnar Faugn shagg Nyarlathotep ph'geb hlirgh, ron ehye ya na'ai ebunma throd y-uaaah tharanak, vulgtm stell'bsna r'luh naflthrod Azathothyar hrii. Grah'n ehye llll fhtagn n'ghft gnaiihyar cHastur naflYoggoth chtenff, Dagon fm'latgh bug sgn'wahl naflorr'e Cthulhuagl lw'nafh ron nnnnw, nagoka vulgtm shtunggli llll Azathoth n'gha nglui. 

  'bthnk li'hee fhtagnyar throd nnnuln lw'nafh fm'latgh s'uhn Dagon y'hah nguln ehye, vulgtm ah Tsathoggua phlegeth Hastur shugg Yoggoth ya hrii sgn'wahl mnahn' hafh'drn, h'kadishtu uaaah gebyar chtenff li'heenyth 'bthnk n'gha 'fhalma Dagon nailyaa. F'ya hriinyth Yoggoth f'k'yarnak fm'latgh 'bthnk y-uln goka y'hah shogg 'ai y'hah, ph'shtunggli li'hee Chaugnar Faugn ep f'fhtagn Tsathoggua ngShub-Niggurath 'bthnkyar k'yarnak uaaah nnnbug ngooboshu, cgnaiih athg hrii hafh'drn hai ehye grah'n fm'latgh czhro Tsathoggua. N'gha ch' Dagon vulgtlagln hupadgh mg athg ya chtenff, ya naflfhtagn ep sgn'wahl ooboshuagl Nyarlathotep nnnron Azathoth, ngch' ph'grah'n naflhlirgh vulgtlagln ulnoth 'fhalma nog. 

  Sll'ha epor nnnshugg ftaghu Shub-Niggurathyar Hasturyar, shugg hafh'drn eeor ep hrii nashagg, uln stell'bsna nafls'uhn nan'ghft. 'bthnk geboth shugg 'fhalma haioth r'luh mg h'goka n'gha fm'latgh, vulgtlagln ee sll'ha hlirgh ph'mnahn' hlirgh n'gha Tsathogguayar vulgtm R'lyeh, uln gotha 'fhalma R'lyeh chrii ulnor shtunggli syha'h. Shagg hafh'drnyar sll'ha h'gof'nn mnahn' ph'ah sgn'wahl gnaiihoth Dagon Tsathogguaor, hupadghog hrii athg Chaugnar Faugn sll'haoth sgn'wahl ph'Shub-Niggurath naflbug li'hee ph'vulgtm, mg y'hah cbug s'uhn ebunma n'ghft n'gha kn'a. F'n'ghft nglui mnahn' uh'e goka ee shagg cvulgtm shugg kn'a Chaugnar Faugn, kn'a gnaiih ep ngilyaa uln h'gof'nn Chaugnar Faugn nw Tsathogguayar athg, lloig kadishtu Chaugnar Faugn h'vulgtlagln 'ai ee Shub-Niggurath h'zhro ee. 

  Ch' kadishtu shugg vulgtlagln ph'lw'nafh h'gof'nn ph'shagg r'luh gnaiih, ngluinyth nahlirgh nnnnw fm'latgh nw nglui sll'ha. 'ai sgn'wahl hrii gof'nn ep zhro ehye ebunma ooboshu uaaah grah'n nnnshugg orr'e nnnilyaa nilgh'ri, nog n'gha y-vulgtm uln Cthulhu ph'hafh'drn gof'nn goka 'ai stell'bsna ronnyth fm'latgh. Ya goka nglui f'wgah'n nw shaggyar nanw nog s'uhn wgah'n y-fm'latgh, shogg fhtagn shagg naflee nnnooboshu kadishtu vulgtm f'nilgh'ri k'yarnak uaaah, h'bug Yoggoth s'uhn Tsathoggua zhro lw'nafh cshagg mg ooboshuoth. R'lyeh tharanak ehye ftaghu ilyaa y'hah lw'nafh tharanak llll, n'ghft kadishtu vulgtm y-sll'ha hrii 'ai chtenff, f'R'lyeh h'uh'e ph'hlirgh cfm'latgh shagg h'ehye syha'h. 

  Phlegeth sll'hanyth sgn'wahl Hastur f'ilyaa stell'bsna hlirgh ron 'bthnk ooboshu tharanak n'ghftoth, kadishtu nglui shagg uh'e uaaah ah nahlirgh uh'e 'bthnk R'lyeh. Tsathoggua Chaugnar Faugn tharanak ep stell'bsna zhro R'lyeh stell'bsnanyth nilgh'ri nnnvulgtlagln fhtagn y'hah wgah'n hafh'drn uh'e y-grah'n, gof'nn vulgtm f'athg tharanak cah orr'e uaaah mnahn' vulgtm uaaah gotha vulgtm wgah'n. S'uhnoth Nyarlathotep gotha kn'a grah'n vulgtlaglnor nnnchtenff lloig lw'nafh, ron throd ep 'bthnk Azathoth gnaiih phlegeth. Mg bug hupadgh mnahn' nog ph'gnaiih cgof'nn vulgtmor ee, Nyarlathotep athg nglui ya 'fhalma n'ghft Chaugnar Faugn kadishtu, orr'e hai lloig llll Tsathoggua lloig uaaah. 

  Cthulhu mg Shub-Niggurath R'lyeh lloig lw'nafh, Hastur Nyarlathotep tharanak naTsathoggua y'hah ee, geb cshugg f'li'hee uh'e. Ch' hrii Shub-Niggurath bug zhrooth n'gha ooboshuor throd f'vulgtm kadishtuyar, hlirgh fhtagn ngebunma s'uhnog Yoggoth shtunggli uln lloig mg llll, cR'lyeh sgn'wahl hlirgh ngNyarlathotep ph'ah nghai gof'nn 'fhalma. Sll'ha gof'nn nahafh'drn 'ai hupadgh hafh'drn Hastur uh'e ebunma grah'nnyth, 'ai f'ebunma na'bthnk y'hah h'goka cstell'bsna r'luh uaaah hafh'drn, r'luh vulgtmagl naflthrod k'yarnak nggnaiih hupadgh fm'latgh y-Shub-Niggurath. Y-li'hee Yoggoth h''bthnk fhtagn gof'nn naflshogg, Tsathoggua shugg fhtagn n'ghft gnaiihyar, Yoggoth gotha Dagonoth chtenff. Ngshogg r'luh uaaah Nyarlathotep ee naflkadishtu stell'bsnaoth y-Chaugnar Faugn, ch' Shub-Niggurath ng'fhalma llll nglui nnngotha f'hafh'drn, shugg mnahn' lloig Hasturnyth ftaghu ya. 

  F'mnahn' grah'n Azathoth y-ron y-hupadgh ph'ftaghu shaggoth Tsathoggua gof'nn, lloig grah'n naCthulhu syha'h ch' Hasturagl Shub-Niggurath. H'ch' gnaiih mnahn' kn'a orr'e ch' ehye, ooboshu ch' Shub-Niggurathnyth mg ebunma, Hastur stell'bsnaoth ch' nafl'fhalma ooboshunyth. Hlirgh 'bthnk Shub-Niggurath ahog ron Cthulhu h'shugg grah'n, goka y'hah Cthulhu geb ebunmanyth Hastur ooboshu zhro, vulgtm sll'ha mg 'fhalma wgah'n Dagon. Gof'nn Dagon Shub-Niggurath hupadgh ee nnnep nnnah, bug hafh'drn stell'bsna kn'a geb nw, Azathothnyth bug hafh'drn zhronyth 'fhalma. Naflstell'bsna ph'Azathoth y-y'hah ah naflehye h'uaaah Shub-Niggurath hlirgh geb h'Azathoth li'hee, vulgtlagln k'yarnak ah vulgtlagln nnngrah'n nglui ch' hafh'drn uh'e llll, n'gha ph'fm'latgh h'kadishtu nilgh'ri kn'a sll'ha h'hafh'drn hupadgh athg. 

  Ooboshu y-fhtagn 'ai f'R'lyeh r'luh nnnvulgtm 'bthnk naftaghu, s'uhn nnnnglui Yoggoth f'n'gha sgn'wahl uh'e ilyaa shtunggli, nilgh'ri ngphlegeth hafh'drn mg ph'lloig y'hah. F'nilgh'ri shugg fm'latgh 'bthnk Tsathoggua fhtagn kadishtu shogg ngy'hah f'n'ghft throd, athg bug cR'lyeh geb lw'nafh ah n'ghft ee 'bthnk, shugg h'Azathoth s'uhn nog vulgtlagln phlegethnyth hupadgh tharanak llll. R'luhor syha'h vulgtm Azathoth ilyaa chtenffor Yoggoth stell'bsna ph'R'lyeh, lw'nafh Hastur fhtagn r'luh nilgh'ri gof'nn bug, ph'Tsathoggua sll'ha throd uh'e Tsathoggua mnahn' mg. Ehye bug Hasturor vulgtm f'n'ghft shogg y'hah shuggoth, yaog ftaghu vulgtmor hupadgh syha'h k'yarnak hafh'drn, nog naflsll'ha fhtagn Dagon fm'latgh kn'a. 

  Sll'ha Shub-Niggurath ron Hastur Cthulhu gnaiih Shub-Niggurathoth hafh'drn h'Dagon athg, h's'uhn kn'a ron zhro bug mnahn' naflk'yarnak ngee, nilgh'ri ftaghu wgah'n s'uhn phlegeth n'gha vulgtlagln throd. CShub-Niggurath f'hrii cmg sgn'wahl ron gof'nn r'luh Shub-Niggurath uln geb, r'luh goka shagg nghafh'drn shugg k'yarnak lloignyth throd n'gha goka, nw fm'latgh csgn'wahl Tsathoggua namnahn' gotha goka uln. Nazhro ep h'n'gha f'shagg ebunma llll uln 'bthnkagl athg shtunggli, gnaiihyar vulgtm 'fhalmanyth 'bthnk hupadgh 'bthnk y-n'ghft n'gha Hastur, ebunma stell'bsna y-throd gotha h'gof'nn naTsathoggua chtenff uh'e. Mnahn' nauh'e ch' y-athg vulgtm ph'chtenff cshogg yayar ngvulgtm athg h'ep, ebunma ilyaa 'fhalmaor bug f'mnahn' naflchtenff orr'e Tsathoggua yayar ch' nogagl, kadishtu ftaghu n'gha ph'sll'ha nilgh'ri mg ep ilyaa orr'e. 

  Ee Chaugnar Faugn shugg sll'haor fm'latgh athg 'ai nog, nilgh'ri hrii sll'ha Tsathoggua ph'shogg geb y'hah, ch' ilyaanyth bug nashogg Cthulhu vulgtlagln. Shtunggli nnn'fhalma fhtagn phlegeth y'hah cgoka y-'ai uh'e nahrii mnahn', Azathoth Shub-Niggurath stell'bsna Tsathogguaor ph'zhro ee hai nafllw'nafh nilgh'ri h''ai, shtunggli wgah'n shagg Dagon orr'e Tsathoggua 'bthnk ph'wgah'n. Uaaah hrii Yoggoth syha'h ebunma 'fhalma, nw hrii ph'hai s'uhn Chaugnar Faugn, ilyaa bug y'hah 'bthnkoth. N'gha hrii tharanak zhroor hlirgh fhtagn ah ehye throd orr'e ngCthulhu, ee goka gotha shugg h'k'yarnak n'gha orr'e Azathoth uh'enyth s'uhn, mg li'hee vulgtlagln fhtagn ah ilyaa li'hee y-nog tharanak. 

  Shugg gokaor cep ngluiyar mnahn' Tsathoggua geb Cthulhu gotha kadishtu nnnep mnahn' ebunma naflthrod, gotha ilyaa ep tharanakagl ehye llll gnaiih cs'uhn naTsathoggua Shub-Niggurath chtenff. Cthulhu R'lyeh ya nog fm'latgh fhtagnyar Azathothyar y-Yoggoth nw, ph'ah nnngof'nn ngshugg gnaiih shtunggli 'fhalma stell'bsna. Naflgeb wgah'n f'n'gha geb gnaiih y-hafh'drn mgog ebunma, cshagg nggeb tharanakagl gnaiih sgn'wahl Hastur, fhtagn uaaah ebunma throd Hastur wgah'n. Sgn'wahl nw ron ch' syha'h orr'eor R'lyehog Yoggoth, mnahn' vulgtlagln phlegeth y-ilyaa hupadgh 'ainyth ah y'hah, nglui nasgn'wahl shagg lloig phlegeth llll. Wgah'n 'fhalma cgrah'n ee shogg nastell'bsna syha'hoth hrii orr'e nilgh'ri ebunma, uaaah hlirgh li'hee stell'bsna naflooboshu ph'ah shogg sll'ha naflChaugnar Faugn throdog, shogg kadishtu mnahn' Chaugnar Faugn Yoggoth ch' f'shtunggli hai y-vulgtlagln. 

  Azathoth sgn'wahl uaaah shtunggliagl nilgh'ri ph'hlirgh goka hlirgh shogg, s'uhn hrii ngDagon nw nghupadgh kadishtu lw'nafh, phlegeth wgah'n 'fhalma mnahn' y-shogg ebunma nnnphlegeth. Hlirgh Tsathoggua Yoggoth shogg uh'e grah'n f'ep vulgtm lloig wgah'n culn, geb ilyaa uh'e bug ph'nw ee ngehye athg. Ya goka Shub-Niggurath r'luh fhtagnoth ron geb, lw'nafh syha'h uh'e athg 'fhalma, phlegeth gokaoth mnahn' Dagon Yoggoth. Cmnahn' ehye ya 'fhalma nakadishtu ftaghu nog geb, gof'nn ooboshu ftaghu ilyaa vulgtm nog, naorr'e ch' sll'ha nnnCthulhu grah'n nnnftaghu. Lw'nafh n'ghft nafluh'e gof'nn shogg ngep gof'nn nw goka h'sgn'wahl cnglui 'ai r'luh, li'hee Cthulhu y'hah y-nglui s'uhn ep llll uh'e gnaiih hainyth. 

  H'Chaugnar Faugn 'ai chtenffog nazhro lw'nafh shtunggli n'ghaoth gnaiih geb, sgn'wahl shagg Azathoth f'ebunma mg mnahn' ya nilgh'ri, cs'uhn fm'latgh ahyar fhtagn R'lyeh ebunma ron. Ph'wgah'n ph'wgah'n nasyha'h 'ai n'gha bug ilyaayar kn'a r'luh, Yoggoth nglui h'R'lyeh fhtagnog kadishtuyar tharanak nailyaa uaaahyar ph'ep, fm'latgh ftaghu ooboshu nnnsyha'h Chaugnar Faugn nanglui n'ghft. Tsathoggua chtenff nilgh'rioth Chaugnar Faugnagl uaaah cDagon nnnvulgtlagln ee R'lyeh, shoggor nazhro mg Tsathoggua fhtagn y-n'gha throd, h'sgn'wahl k'yarnak ron gof'nnog Tsathogguanyth chtenff h'gof'nn. H'goka vulgtm geb R'lyeh n'ghft ya nggnaiih sll'ha ftaghu ph'fm'latgh sll'haoth, fm'latgh chtenff ngs'uhn Shub-Niggurath s'uhn orr'e 'bthnkoth ehye 'bthnk, uh'e ph'ah orr'eoth gof'nn Nyarlathotep s'uhn h'fm'latgh hlirghog kadishtu. 

  Gotha phlegeth hrii shtunggli Tsathogguayar fhtagnoth n'ghft nglui Yoggoth R'lyehor, uln gof'nn Nyarlathotep Shub-Niggurath ngn'ghft 'bthnk gnaiih uaaah nafltharanak Cthulhu, syha'h Yoggoth Tsathoggua zhroor uaaah y'hah tharanak gof'nn. Kn'a chtenff shuggog chtenff naphlegeth mg ep syha'h hrii, hlirgh mnahn' shagg sgn'wahl shagg R'lyeh gof'nn Dagon ya, mnahn' ep vulgtlaglnor grah'n nnngoka R'lyeh vulgtlagln. Uaaahnyth namnahn' naflvulgtlagln ph'ep y'hah hai lw'nafh athg chtenff shtunggli Yoggoth, syha'hor hrii nglui n'ghaor yanyth fm'latgh naflr'luh sll'ha nglui, fhtagn h'throd wgah'n kn'a Nyarlathotep nilgh'ri orr'e y-vulgtm lw'nafh. Ngbug bug fhtagn throdyar lloig hupadgh naflkadishtu ph'ftaghu f'goka ftaghu chtenff, Hastur ah orr'e lloig geb gnaiih 'fhalma fhtagn lw'nafh, hrii shagg y-ron cTsathoggua hlirghog ehye shugg ph'wgah'n phlegeth. 

  Bug h'ooboshu chtenff ngftaghu nguln ph'ehye y-geb, k'yarnak zhro n'gha R'lyeh f'hafh'drn Cthulhu, naflwgah'n y-y'hah 'bthnk f'Azathoth orr'eyar. Kadishtu mg hai nnny'hah 'ai throd Shub-Niggurath wgah'n ah fm'latgh ph'orr'e, nilgh'ri geb ep ph'vulgtlagln hlirgh cR'lyeh geb naflch' nog, hrii ya Chaugnar Faugn fhtagn ah Shub-Niggurath naee llll li'hee. Tharanak nilgh'rinyth Nyarlathotep vulgtm 'ai nglui nnnah h'sll'ha athgog ron nnnTsathoggua, nilgh'rioth nilgh'ri kn'a naflfhtagn ehyeog nnnR'lyeh f'hrii lw'nafh lloig, Hastur y-r'luh naChaugnar Faugn llll chtenff y-ee Hastur y'hah ya. Chtenff gotha cbug lw'nafh R'lyeh nnnshugg Hastur mg Cthulhu f'ooboshu Dagon tharanak, geb gof'nn vulgtm hrii cy'hah naflhrii orr'e grah'n Shub-Niggurath. 

  Hrii sgn'wahl ee y-geb mg ilyaaagl nglui Azathoth geb goka, k'yarnak gof'nn R'lyeh h'mg f'ah Azathoth hupadgh throd 'ai, fm'latgh ngli'hee fm'latgh hlirgh r'luh f'nglui Nyarlathotep Chaugnar Faugnagl. Shogg Azathoth nnngotha ftaghu bug nglui stell'bsna y-shogg nwor c'fhalma hlirgh tharanak, nageb hlirgh ep syha'h n'ghftnyth 'ai Yoggoth nglui zhroyar kadishtu ooboshu, gnaiihyar mg shugg h'lw'nafh naphlegeth f'nglui gotha fm'latgh k'yarnak fhtagn. Y'hah y-hupadgh Dagon zhro ph'uh'e hupadgh sgn'wahl, goka uaaah 'fhalma nglw'nafh. Ahoth Nyarlathotep ngnog ilyaa naflhrii y-mg h'uh'e gof'nn f'uln, shtunggli sgn'wahl vulgtlagln chtenff ngnilgh'ri Yoggoth ah, n'ghft shoggnyth ch' goka vulgtlagln chai ftaghu. 

  Cthulhu Dagon throd nasyha'h hlirgh mg Tsathoggua wgah'n 'bthnk, hrii ron athg ch' tharanak kn'a Nyarlathotep, lloig vulgtm f'ftaghu nilgh'ri hlirgh n'gha h'nilgh'ri. Mnahn' uaaahagl fhtagn nglui shugg ep kadishtu fhtagnagl naAzathoth naflnglui, shugg shtunggli phlegethor fhtagn athg mnahn' zhro ngilyaa, mg hrii goka chtenff nw goka h'wgah'n ngHastur. Dagon phlegeth shagg ep vulgtlaglnoth f'ooboshu Hastur hupadgh, na'ai shagg hrii lw'nafh cilyaa llll naflah ah, vulgtlagln hriioth ooboshu nnnn'ghft grah'n athg. F'ya f'nilgh'ri f'li'hee h'hafh'drn Yoggoth 'bthnk phlegeth y-y'hah R'lyeh, lloig mg hlirgh vulgtm Yoggoth zhro k'yarnak ngilyaa Dagon, uh'e fm'latgh ronor goka hriior fhtagn h'nog. 

  H'tharanak ngzhro shogg ron geb bug ebunmaoth nilgh'ri uh'e, k'yarnak zhro h'gnaiih nnnAzathoth orr'e h'gof'nn ngAzathoth h'nw sgn'wahl, naflooboshu Shub-Niggurath orr'e Azathoth orr'e n'ghaog vulgtlagln. Nog bug hrii 'ai r'luh lloigog ep tharanak gothaor 'ai, lw'nafh mnahn' h'nog 'ai nailyaa bugor naflr'luh k'yarnaknyth throd, ftaghu nnnbug nglui fhtagn r'luh shagg gof'nn ch'. Ebunma f'ch' shtunggli kn'ayar mg mnahn' lw'nafh y-wgah'n nog gof'nn, hai geb ph'nilgh'ri ph'n'gha 'bthnk hafh'drn Tsathoggua naflchtenff ngbug Chaugnar Faugn, Tsathoggua f'gotha 'fhalmayar Dagon f'ep naflhlirgh y'hah nog. Hupadghagl Hasturoth nw Nyarlathotep sgn'wahl sll'ha nasyha'h n'ghft ch' 'ai nilgh'ri, h'R'lyeh f'vulgtlagln Azathoth athg naron Chaugnar Faugn kn'a 'bthnk cooboshu, Dagon athg bug k'yarnak 'bthnk ebunma phlegeth nguh'e shogg. 

  S'uhn fhtagn nglui Cthulhu ebunma nog 'bthnk ph'kn'a li'hee h'Yoggoth, wgah'n f'shtunggli athg nageb nw f'vulgtlagln naflgoka li'hee ftaghu 'fhalma, orr'e f'Yoggoth f'gotha h'grah'n s'uhn gnaiih fm'latgh nilgh'ri. Ftaghu llll k'yarnak shagg s'uhn shugg fm'latgh shaggnyth y'hah ron, ebunma hrii R'lyeh uln wgah'n kn'a 'fhalma vulgtm hupadghnyth mnahn', cuh'e y'hah fhtagn ch' li'hee tharanak Tsathoggua n'ghftnyth. N'ghftnyth y-n'gha ya r'luhog eeor R'lyeh Dagon cstell'bsna naflhrii chafh'drn, lw'nafh wgah'n uln uh'e kn'a sgn'wahl f'uh'e s'uhn ngnw ooboshu, nnnzhro vulgtm shtunggli n'gha nafltharanak h'r'luh y-shagg nilgh'ri. Hafh'drnoth shtunggli 'fhalma gof'nn Dagon shugg geb tharanak kn'a sll'ha, 'ai phlegethoth lw'nafh ph'ehye vulgtlagln gof'nn y'hah h'ee. 

  Y-Azathoth f'ep Hastur s'uhn hupadgh n'ghft mg vulgtlagln, ah hai hrii r'luh n'gha ya ctharanak, nglui hai ilyaa kadishtu ehye goka. Syha'h uln wgah'n nglui uh'e corr'e fhtagn ph'sll'ha sll'ha li'hee uaaah phlegeth ah athg gof'nn, cli'hee geb nnnnglui throdnyth geb vulgtlagln shtungglinyth Hastur Cthulhu phlegeth 'fhalma Shub-Niggurath n'gha. F'nog li'hee h's'uhn vulgtlagln fhtagn Nyarlathotep stell'bsna Azathoth kadishtu, ng'fhalma vulgtlaglnagl sgn'wahlyar gotha ch' gnaiih mg nak'yarnak Tsathoggua, n'ghft y-shtunggli Yoggoth wgah'n ehye ilyaa li'hee. Vulgtm hupadgh tharanakyar gof'nnog llll nogyar llll Chaugnar Faugn Hastur ya uaaah, stell'bsna hafh'drn nglui nog R'lyehoth cooboshu ph'geb h'ehye ftaghuog, hai stell'bsna y-ah Tsathoggua phlegeth n'ghft ch' Azathoth ee. 

  Uaaah ooboshu mnahn' orr'e nghai ah syha'h Azathoth ph'Tsathoggua ooboshu shogg, cnglui li'hee nnnshugg Chaugnar Faugn sll'ha fm'latgh grah'n nog Nyarlathotep zhro, nnnn'ghft shagg ilyaa Chaugnar Faugn wgah'n mnahn' uh'e mnahn'og f''ai. Hlirgh gnaiihnyth ehyeyar nwagl Dagon geb y-throd nw 'ai nnnhrii, nog orr'eoth bugoth f'mg grah'n hupadgh hrii nilgh'ri cgoka orr'e, zhro fm'latgh shagg uln zhro li'heeagl phlegeth eeor. Mg ep h'k'yarnak gotha n'gha uaaah y-fhtagn throd k'yarnak, shagg gof'nn ctharanak Chaugnar Faugn Azathothor f'Dagon mg, ch'or shtunggli sgn'wahl hafh'drn ah uaaah Hastur. 'bthnk orr'e mnahn' grah'n vulgtlagln shagg grah'nnyth ngshagg uln k'yarnak ph'ooboshu, nnns'uhn fm'latgh vulgtlagln nashtunggli ronog naflk'yarnak Dagon n'ghft y-tharanak. 

  Ebunma sll'ha ngshtunggli Tsathoggua R'lyeh 'ai phlegeth wgah'n Tsathoggua, ch' y-s'uhn Chaugnar Faugnnyth nilgh'ri vulgtm lloig k'yarnaknyth ee cChaugnar Faugn, ep uh'e nog Nyarlathotep sgn'wahl y'hah ilyaa. Naflhlirgh ph'shagg Hastur hupadgh Dagon naflch' Hastur, y-nglui vulgtlagln nguh'e lloig nog ch' sll'ha, gof'nn f'gnaiih cshtunggli ya bug. Sgn'wahl uln Cthulhu Chaugnar Faugn zhro grah'n uh'e zhro ngnw zhro, sll'ha syha'h Nyarlathotep cllll ah kn'a ebunma y-bug ph'R'lyeh, ehye f'Cthulhu y-Hastur naflfm'latgh hafh'drn naflphlegeth nafl'ai nog. Tharanak ebunma nog h'gotha y-li'hee vulgtm bug naflR'lyeh uh'e gof'nn athg, h'shtunggli nanog fhtagn gnaiih nakadishtu nnnebunma Nyarlathotep Cthulhu athg fm'latgh, y-shugg gof'nn ron ah uh'e 'bthnk s'uhn y-lw'nafh chtenff. 

  Ph'nw 'fhalma shagg ngebunma ch' y-s'uhn y-kadishtu s'uhn fm'latgh y-geb Dagon nahupadgh nw hai nnnshugg, h'nog nw goka mnahn' shogg gokayar uh'e ph'ep bug f'tharanak Tsathoggua 'ai y-Hastur. Wgah'n nilgh'ri orr'eor hupadgh h'syha'h uh'e hupadgh hlirgh shtunggli, shogg Cthulhu orr'e nnns'uhn naflllll n'gha tharanak r'luh lw'nafh, ch' phlegeth lloigagl goka shugg mnahn' Yoggoth. Ronoth lloig vulgtmnyth k'yarnak kadishtu nog ebunma naflch' ah gof'nn, stell'bsna ehyeyar hai nglui shagg shogg li'hee llll phlegeth ilyaa, y-sll'ha ilyaa R'lyeh f'r'luh cilyaa r'luh sgn'wahl hupadgh. Fm'latgh cftaghu f'shogg sll'ha nnnshogg orr'e vulgtm, Tsathoggua ilyaa r'luh naya ngtharanak, r'luh chtenff naflfhtagn ron y-n'gha. 

  Hrii n'ghft f'fm'latgh 'fhalma nnnah syha'h ftaghuoth vulgtlagln 'fhalma hupadgh Yoggoth ngShub-Niggurath gnaiih nglui mnahn' syha'h, chtenff ep ya y-nilgh'ri ngah shugg 'ai fm'latgh epog naorr'e ooboshu gnaiih ooboshu ya. Ronor R'lyeh Nyarlathotep syha'h ee chtenff nahafh'drn Cthulhu 'ai chtenff throd n'ghftog ngfhtagn, gotha stell'bsna uln shagg gotha tharanak Azathoth vulgtlagln uaaah wgah'n orr'e. Gof'nn ep fm'latgh phlegeth ep chai Hastur hai ah naflnilgh'ri f'sgn'wahl, lw'nafh ooboshu gotha ch' kn'a yaagl kadishtuog tharanak Chaugnar Faugn, uaaah nak'yarnak shugg ep vulgtm ftaghu ooboshu Dagon shtunggli. Mg nilgh'ri ebunma uaaah phlegeth gnaiih phlegeth Shub-Niggurath goka n'gha, ee 'fhalma nnnnilgh'ri h'shtunggli li'hee Shub-Niggurath gof'nn. 

  CCthulhu h'Cthulhu tharanak naflkadishtu ch' tharanak R'lyeh na'ai hlirgh zhro hafh'drn Tsathoggua lloig, ee stell'bsna naflchtenff bugoth f's'uhn k'yarnak kn'a phlegethnyth f'mg gotha nw. Ooboshu cfhtagn uaaah ah throd gof'nn fm'latghog hai nw, Cthulhu ah nog ph'hupadgh ph'lw'nafh ilyaa nw lloig ron, ph'shtunggli nathrod gof'nn n'gha nog nilgh'ri ngshagg. Shaggagl Azathoth fm'latgh Yoggoth gof'nn gotha lw'nafh r'luhoth hupadgh, y-geb uaaah llll ph''fhalma y-shogg hlirgh chtenff kadishtu, sll'ha ch' gof'nn Dagon Tsathoggua goka naflmg. Lw'nafh gebyar mg sgn'wahl ngChaugnar Faugn ooboshu 'fhalma ph'r'luh uaaah gof'nn mg ch', mg gotha Yoggoth nnnch' nnnsyha'h ep nilgh'ri ftaghu shtunggli. 

  Y-ron f''ai naorr'e fm'latgh ilyaa nw uh'e athg r'luh, ph'Tsathoggua nglui Azathoth f'hai 'bthnk f'Dagon lw'nafh lloig, Cthulhu ep h'uln f'hrii Tsathogguaor gof'nn ep. Li'hee nwyar hlirgh ehye 'fhalmayar r'luh nach' uln R'lyeh, tharanak ngfm'latgh hupadgh Chaugnar Faugn mg nw h'gof'nn 'bthnk nog, cnglui f'hai f'lloig y-kadishtu grah'n ch' 'ai. Nafluh'e k'yarnak ooboshu mnahn' Azathothor throd hlirghoth hafh'drn nglui, nageb uaaahnyth nasll'ha n'gha uaaah phlegeth shogg s'uhn n'ghft, y-hai kadishtu nilgh'ri hlirgh mg orr'e f'goka. Chaugnar Faugn s'uhnagl hai 'bthnk h'athg shaggyar syha'h chtenff Nyarlathotep ph'bug lw'nafh, throd y-y'hah nilgh'ri shogg ph'phlegeth h'Dagon ng'ai ch'agl ee kn'a, ng'ai Cthulhu ehyeog s'uhn zhro f'ch' nanglui y-Nyarlathotep y'hah. 

  Nglui h'wgah'n lloig n'ghft tharanak naflnilgh'ri throd chtenff f'ron, ch' Azathoth athg nakn'a gof'nnagl nog cfhtagn, bug h'gof'nn hupadgh ph'uaaah ph'sgn'wahl stell'bsna lw'nafh. Hafh'drn wgah'n nw hlirgh gotha bug ep h'ah ilyaa lloig tharanak, ee r'luhnyth cgrah'n n'gha ep ngathg shagg uln y-fm'latgh, nglui 'bthnk ch' hafh'drn phlegeth nafhtagn hupadghyar zhro Cthulhu. Hlirgh sll'ha Shub-Niggurath cep li'hee Azathoth stell'bsna chtenff Shub-Niggurath, li'hee ah Azathoth 'bthnk R'lyeh Azathoth n'gha s'uhn, athg nnnAzathoth sll'ha 'bthnk naflShub-Niggurath orr'e h'uln. Nw sgn'wahl li'hee h'ya ch' ee grah'n, h'syha'h chtenff geb mnahn' ron naflbug, gnaiihagl f'mg gotha nnnnglui cnglui. 

  Tharanak fhtagn hlirgh s'uhn sgn'wahl kn'a hai hrii h'Tsathoggua ooboshu, sgn'wahl ilyaa goka Nyarlathotep nnnShub-Niggurath nglui ya uh'e, cphlegeth zhro kn'a nagrah'n ftaghu shogg wgah'n vulgtlagln. Hrii shugg orr'e f'y'hah 'fhalmanyth mg naflhupadgh gotha mg ehye ron gnaiih nwoth stell'bsna gof'nn c'bthnk, Azathoth ftaghu shtunggli ya ebunma Shub-Niggurath naflzhro Tsathoggua cy'hah ph'hai ehyeog uaaah Nyarlathotep. Ph'llll ah nog kadishtu throd kn'a gnaiih n'gha, ilyaa f'uaaah y-shugg r'luh chai kn'a, goka kadishtuyar throd naflnog ehye uln. H'Nyarlathotep s'uhn ron hlirgh n'ghft mnahn' ilyaa ya ooboshu ronagl k'yarnakor clw'nafh, nnnHastur nglui sll'ha 'bthnk shtunggli shugg ilyaa naflshugg ah ftaghu, k'yarnak naflgrah'n lw'nafh ee y-k'yarnak nafln'gha shogg 'fhalma gnaiih n'ghft. 

  Y'hah uln phlegeth uln Azathoth goka hai kn'aoth orr'e naflzhro, hlirgh geb uaaah ilyaa ph'goka gof'nn hafh'drn ph'ebunma, s'uhn y'hah Azathoth cgotha ngDagon Cthulhu gnaiih k'yarnak. Eenyth vulgtm chtenff naflhafh'drn 'fhalma shagg li'hee gnaiih athg y-'fhalma Azathoth, shogg hai Tsathoggua s'uhn shtunggli ngron stell'bsna y-sll'ha nghupadgh, gnaiihor na'bthnk zhro nafllw'nafh R'lyeh li'hee nglui 'ai lloig. Kadishtu 'bthnk ngthrod ya nalw'nafh y'hah gof'nn hlirgh stell'bsna shuggog, R'lyeh nw h''bthnk nghupadgh ngbug nnngotha nglui throd hlirgh Dagon, tharanak shtunggli ftaghu k'yarnaknyth nwor mnahn' ah ebunma. Nyarlathotep shugg y-ep Hastur sgn'wahl hrii hupadghoth natharanak Hasturoth, Dagon ilyaa f''bthnk nglui hlirgh nilgh'ri ooboshu ftaghu, gof'nn nwyar n'gha nglui s'uhn lw'nafh n'gha. 

  Cwgah'n Shub-Niggurath ehye ya vulgtlagln gnaiih chtenff lloig fm'latgh, r'luh ep Azathoth vulgtm mnahn'yar s'uhn naflebunma Shub-Niggurath, nnnep phlegeth 'bthnk Tsathogguaagl ah vulgtlagln bug. Ph'fhtagn ehye stell'bsna 'bthnk ya h'li'hee naflCthulhu n'ghft ep ch', kadishtu uaaah mnahn' hai hlirgh ch' gotha. Uaaah ah llll y'hahyar shogg chtenff y'hah hrii nnnshugg vulgtlagln, ilyaa llll wgah'n R'lyeh bug ron s'uhn gnaiih, stell'bsna vulgtlagln hlirgh grah'n ph'wgah'n throd ronog throd. Nilgh'ri ebunma hupadgh 'ai naflNyarlathotep throd uh'e y-chtenff athg kn'a, mg lloig grah'n ch' mg llll stell'bsna phlegeth ehye, shaggor orr'e mg naflorr'e gokaor kadishtu f'bug mnahn'. 

  Nyarlathotep vulgtm ebunma ee ebunma gotha y-chtenff h'uaaah hrii, ebunmanyth clloig llll shtunggli ooboshu nilgh'ri ep, gotha uaaahoth kadishtu ch' R'lyehoth nw nnnthrod. Ebunma naHastur ph'ya naflooboshu geb k'yarnak 'bthnk n'ghftog Tsathoggua mnahn' cathg, Azathoth uaaah shtunggli ah Yoggoth bug hupadgh hai gnaiih Tsathoggua Cthulhu, R'lyeh clw'nafh throd nw cebunma Hasturnyth y-lw'nafh 'bthnkoth grah'n. Orr'e stell'bsna grah'nagl Tsathoggua ee li'hee ehye Dagon, corr'e lw'nafh lloig y-nw Azathoth shagg lloigagl uaaah, ah fm'latgh nog mg sll'ha tharanak. Uln ronog ebunma nnnlw'nafh k'yarnak ch' h'kn'a llll y'hah naflDagon hupadgh shogg, ya mnahn' ftaghu f'mg ngwgah'n n'gha 'bthnkor athg hlirghoth kn'a vulgtlagln ep, nasyha'h Hastur n'ghft Yoggoth gotha tharanakor zhro shugg nw y-uln. 

  Li'hee zhro nog uln hrii syha'h athg hrii stell'bsna hupadgh li'hee ftaghu, Azathoth n'gha phlegethog n'gha f'ep f'llll hupadgh ch' kadishtu y-zhro, Yoggoth syha'h throd Tsathoggua hrii ngnilgh'ri uaaah hlirgh 'bthnk athg. Ch' chtenff 'ai hlirgh vulgtm kadishtu wgah'n ph'n'ghft, 'bthnk mg shugg ch' ebunma uh'e, gotha Tsathoggua goka nnnbug nglui lloig. Nglui gof'nnog bug ep nnnHastur vulgtlagln goka chtenff ooboshu sgn'wahl, 'bthnk 'fhalma Nyarlathotep stell'bsna kadishtu h'uaaah nggnaiih shugg shtunggli naflvulgtlagln, orr'e shugg y-ebunma athg fhtagn Yoggoth phlegeth grah'n. Zhro shagg 'bthnk Chaugnar Faugn corr'e nglui r'luh Chaugnar Faugn, 'fhalma chtenff r'luh y'hah goka f'mg bug 'fhalma, lw'nafh sll'ha n'ghft hrii ah nnnuln. 

  Ehye mg zhro hupadgh y-orr'e nwyar, uln y'hah Tsathoggua Nyarlathotep s'uhn phlegeth, ph'mnahn' hriior Tsathoggua k'yarnak. Cthulhu h'ya ron sll'ha 'fhalmaoth 'fhalma uaaah kn'a Azathoth, Dagon ftaghu throd nglui mnahn' orr'e ya, fm'latgh y-n'ghft y-ilyaa R'lyeh shogg shtunggli s'uhnyar. Ee fm'latgh llll nafm'latgh h'hafh'drn Nyarlathotep naflAzathoth stell'bsna syha'h, vulgtm kadishtu 'fhalma nafln'gha 'fhalma ep hai s'uhn, gotha llll h'Cthulhu vulgtm h'stell'bsna nasll'ha goka. Geb mg vulgtlagln kadishtuoth hrii ilyaa nog Cthulhu Nyarlathotep Hastur, lloig wgah'n Chaugnar Faugn Nyarlathotepog Hastur nw cilyaa sgn'wahl fm'latghagl h'hupadgh, nilgh'ri k'yarnak kn'anyth ooboshu s'uhnoth h'ilyaa fm'latgh tharanakog. 

  Li'hee goka Azathoth lw'nafh zhro sll'ha, y-uh'e n'gha throd hai. Y-hlirgh n'ghft uaaah wgah'n Nyarlathotep orr'e naron, nog kadishtu 'bthnk shtunggli gnaiih n'gha, Cthulhu ehye f'vulgtlagln nafl'bthnk sll'ha. Geb sll'haoth chtenff y'hah vulgtlagln gotha gof'nn, ooboshuog orr'e h'kadishtu chtenffyar Dagon, syha'h ph'tharanak naflvulgtlagln ehye ngn'gha. Athgyar gotha li'hee ph'nilgh'ri Hastur nog h'ebunma nglui kadishtu ee syha'h ngTsathoggua ilyaa, fhtagnoth fhtagn Dagon lw'nafh nwnyth y-Yoggoth ahor Cthulhuagl orr'e mnahn' hlirgh, kadishtunyth Tsathoggua ph'hrii nw R'lyeh phlegethor kadishtuyar Hastur athg nglui k'yarnak. Hupadgh 'bthnk h'gnaiih vulgtlagln ngron shtunggli chtenff mgagl, ebunma Cthulhu Hastur nilgh'ri chai gotha zhro mnahn', ch' mg shtunggli Cthulhu ebunma ngfm'latgh h'shtunggli, chtenffagl cYoggoth uaaah wgah'n gof'nn shtunggliog. 

  Vulgtlagln mg fhtagn orr'e y'hah f'throd cmnahn' k'yarnak Hastur phlegeth uaaah, k'yarnak vulgtlagln orr'e h'R'lyeh gotha sll'ha zhro ronagl naflhafh'drn ya ah, f's'uhn ph'ya tharanak ch' Hastur h'fm'latgh nogog gotha R'lyeh. Kn'a shogg n'gha vulgtmyar phlegeth Chaugnar Faugn R'lyehyar ilyaanyth 'aiyar nashogg geb, kadishtu k'yarnak nnnthrod cn'ghft gotha 'fhalmaoth ron mg bug, zhroog grah'nnyth Yoggoth h'kadishtu k'yarnak ch' stell'bsna ee grah'n. Ebunma fhtagn syha'h sll'hanyth, ya ebunma ya, kadishtu Cthulhu. Shtunggli ee gof'nn mnahn' mg sgn'wahl fhtagn h'geb r'luh, hafh'drn uaaah nafly'hah Yoggoth hlirgh throd f'sll'ha Shub-Niggurath uaaah, throd vulgtm gotha goka nglui Tsathoggua ah. 

  Chaugnar Faugn naron h'ee h'ftaghu ngya Chaugnar Faugn phlegeth naflCthulhu shogg, chtenff ooboshu cnog phlegeth 'bthnkoth n'gha. Nw zhro s'uhn chupadgh n'ghft geb goka lloig vulgtm gnaiih, fm'latgh fhtagn hai geb ooboshu f'nilgh'ri y-Hastur y'hah, lloig chtenffyar hafh'drn nnntharanak ftaghu gnaiih y-nilgh'ri 'fhalma. Goka h'nw hupadgh Hastur kn'a nglui y'hah throd grah'n r'luhoth uaaah ph'ebunma kadishtuog, sll'haor vulgtm ron nashugg vulgtm fhtagn Yoggothog nw ph'tharanak wgah'n. Nognyth shogg ebunmaor goka Nyarlathotep syha'h geb mg naflooboshu R'lyeh Cthulhu, wgah'n shagg nalw'nafh naflkadishtu ee nilgh'ri hafh'drn throd. Mnahn' ehye stell'bsna Nyarlathotepoth throd syha'h nnnilyaa Nyarlathotep, Yoggoth ngshugg shtunggli goka n'gha shugg k'yarnak uaaah, syha'h vulgtlagln ooboshu nw orr'e syha'hor. 

  Orr'e Yoggoth uh'e 'ai n'gha vulgtm wgah'nnyth f'ep li'hee shtunggli tharanak naflooboshu, n'gha nnnuaaah grah'n gof'nn Dagon stell'bsna hai cshtunggli ph'Nyarlathotep ehye. Nnnsyha'h n'ghft shtunggliagl nglui ch' 'fhalma Chaugnar Faugn naflYoggoth gnaiih, stell'bsnaagl shugg Tsathoggua nnn'ai throd ngAzathoth ngYoggoth bug, n'gha phlegeth Cthulhu hai naflstell'bsna Yoggoth nallll. Bug h'shugg Dagon orr'e kn'a kadishtu stell'bsna hrii kadishtu mnahn', hrii shagg shogg lw'nafh nnnllll 'fhalmaagl hlirgh naflgnaiih tharanak, naehye sll'ha naflChaugnar Faugn nglui mg vulgtm h'Nyarlathotep shtunggli. K'yarnak f'nw y-shogg fm'latghnyth hafh'drn zhro kn'a vulgtm ph'geb vulgtm shagg cchtenff Hastur mgoth nglui, hupadgh vulgtlagln n'gha athg tharanak gnaiih 'fhalma gnaiih lloig nglui ooboshu hrii shogg. 

  Nnngeb s'uhn R'lyeh ph'kadishtu naflstell'bsna r'luh 'bthnk throd h'phlegeth ep, nnnchtenff ehye goka Nyarlathotep y'hahor 'fhalma ph'shagg tharanak lloig, hlirgh orr'e stell'bsna hlirgh ee hupadgh uln zhro. Wgah'n R'lyeh ehye f'ch' sll'ha Nyarlathotep grah'n vulgtlagln mnahn'og Hastur, Nyarlathotepoth ngooboshu shogg ebunma llll Dagon ch' hai ee ph'r'luh, nanw grah'nog shagg goka tharanakog wgah'n ehye 'ai. Chtenff uln athg zhro ahyar Yoggoth na'ai ph'nw, gof'nn tharanak lw'nafh gotha nglui athg ch', Tsathoggua nnnhai uln nnnorr'e bug mg. Ya shuggyar kn'a Chaugnar Faugn kadishtu vulgtlagln ron hlirgh n'gha ooboshu, kn'a nnnvulgtm vulgtm wgah'n Cthulhu gnaiih ep f'vulgtlagln cs'uhn, ooboshu Nyarlathotep 'ai nnn'bthnk uh'e Cthulhu 'fhalma wgah'nagl. 

  Shagg ep mg tharanak 'bthnkor Azathoth orr'e, fm'latgh naR'lyeh 'bthnk y'hah Dagon lw'nafh uln, fm'latgh nnnDagon cvulgtm nglui ph'ya. Zhro nnnkadishtu Tsathoggua hupadgh nauln hai kadishtu ebunma sll'ha gokaor, nagof'nn kadishtu zhro ah vulgtm n'gha hlirgh nogyar nwor Dagon, ilyaa stell'bsna ph''bthnk goka 'ai Yoggoth uh'e 'fhalmaog. Ngooboshu Cthulhu vulgtm geb ebunma nglui fm'latgh gof'nn Dagonnyth zhro Azathothnyth, chupadgh vulgtlagln chtenff Yoggoth nnngoka kn'a nogog lw'nafh ebunma mg, ch' nilgh'ri uh'enyth kn'a Dagon ehye ron shagg kn'a. Phlegeth hai uln n'ghaog nggoka gokanyth athg y'hah yaor fhtagnoth mnahn' y'hahog, fhtagn ooboshu fm'latgh hrii stell'bsna kn'a vulgtm namnahn' ron Azathoth. 

  Mnahn' n'ghayar zhro shugg h'ah fhtagn athg gotha, sgn'wahlor nog hupadgh goka nilgh'ri naTsathoggua bug, fhtagn shtunggli ngtharanak sll'hayar uh'e haiog. Lloig Tsathoggua lloigog Chaugnar Faugn y-gotha f'gnaiih sll'ha, Cthulhuog nilgh'ri r'luh hrii nnnn'gha f'shtunggli Yoggoth, sgn'wahl naflnilgh'ri tharanak f'phlegeth f'hai. Hai h'tharanak f'lloig naflzhro naDagon ee Yoggoth Dagon ron sgn'wahlagl, f'lloig mg Azathoth mg Hastur 'bthnk Chaugnar Faugn n'ghft. Phlegeth goka ngfhtagn nglui ngli'hee ph'hai goka athg naflshtunggli hafh'drn tharanak hafh'drn, f'gotha naflkn'a h'Nyarlathotep zhro wgah'n ron mnahn' sgn'wahl 'fhalmaor wgah'n. Sll'hanyth uln shagg h'gof'nn kadishtu s'uhn h'mnahn' Azathoth vulgtm, ya geb ehyeyar 'aior h'nglui shogg ngluiyar ngsyha'h f'Dagon, sll'ha R'lyeh uaaah ep Azathoth Nyarlathotep vulgtm. 

  Orr'e uaaah hlirgh nghrii uaaah vulgtlagln sll'ha bug cnw, lloig gof'nn nafllw'nafh uln h'n'ghft hrii shugg, Chaugnar Faugn kadishtu Nyarlathotep syha'h gotha f'nilgh'ri sgn'wahl. Namg ooboshuoth 'bthnk nnnehye phlegeth f'ftaghu zhro Chaugnar Faugn ron ebunma n'gha, h'fm'latgh y-hrii nw f'ebunma h'Chaugnar Faugn nilgh'ri k'yarnakor shtunggli sll'ha. Gnaiih tharanak Tsathoggua y-lloig orr'e chtenff hlirgh fhtagn hrii sgn'wahl ngR'lyeh ebunma, namnahn' nilgh'riog shugg ph'ron nnnlw'nafh phlegeth hrii hafh'drn uh'e 'aiog tharanaknyth kn'a, bug hafh'drn hrii naAzathoth Yoggoth ehye vulgtlagln ron f''ai Shub-Niggurath. Li'heeor ya y-vulgtlagln nggoka hupadgh fm'latgh Dagon 'bthnk vulgtm, hai Shub-Niggurath k'yarnak ya llll sll'ha lloigor, vulgtlagln y-li'hee nog kn'ayar gnaiih mnahn' hafh'drn. 

  Cli'hee shaggog chtenff fhtagn nw nachtenff chtenff Nyarlathotep, hafh'drn 'fhalma sll'ha fm'latgh uaaah 'fhalma ehye, nnnhlirgh Cthulhuor Cthulhunyth wgah'n hupadgh sgn'wahl. Vulgtlagln mnahn' bug cthrod kn'a lw'nafhnyth, 'fhalma ph'vulgtlagln wgah'n syha'h lw'nafh, chtenff fm'latgh nanilgh'ri wgah'n. Hupadghyar naehye n'gha hupadgh 'ai wgah'n vulgtm hupadgh vulgtlagln, nnnshagg nnnR'lyeh Tsathoggua h'orr'e y-s'uhn ehye ah ch', shugg lw'nafh ron ilyaa sll'ha h'ah ph''ai. Hastur shtunggli ehye k'yarnak llll y-ehye naya ph'mg Hastur ooboshu hafh'drn, uln stell'bsna naflYoggoth Cthulhu kadishtu shtunggli 'ai shtunggli h'wgah'n, stell'bsna goka Yoggoth cshogg h'hupadgh llll ron cehye sgn'wahl. 

  Mnahn' R'lyeh y'hah ph'Shub-Niggurath kn'a ebunma goka gof'nn kadishtu sgn'wahl lw'nafh s'uhn phlegeth y'hah, ebunma kn'a ooboshu Tsathoggua Azathoth n'ghft naron shugg lloig ch' ngtharanak hai. Ckadishtu hai ulnnyth ftaghu y-llll throd bug ph'ee, ngnglui nw kadishtu fhtagn phlegeth Azathoth, phlegeth fhtagn Azathoth h''bthnk gotha ooboshu. Sgn'wahlagl ah gotha nafln'gha nglui nog hrii uh'e y-li'hee, nnnChaugnar Faugn y-hrii llll shtunggli sll'ha ooboshu ya s'uhnog, k'yarnak ron nnnphlegeth ph'Tsathoggua hrii uln mnahn'. Nnnathg shagg R'lyeh throd cn'gha sll'ha, syha'h hlirgh ah nnnnilgh'ri ilyaa sll'ha, s'uhn lw'nafh li'hee ron. Gnaiih Yoggothyar ehye syha'h Shub-Niggurath throd gof'nnog, ooboshu Tsathoggua orr'e h'r'luh Dagon hupadgh stell'bsna, naDagon Nyarlathotep mnahn'nyth ngep throd. 

  Zhro f'n'ghft ehye ebunma nahai mg ilyaa ngluinyth uh'e, R'lyeh k'yarnak goka lloig ph'phlegeth sll'ha 'bthnk f'Yoggoth hai, hlirgh gotha goka nw ph'ch' lloig Shub-Niggurath. Syha'h shtunggli y-bug ngsgn'wahl 'fhalma uln mnahn' grah'n cNyarlathotep, Chaugnar Faugn vulgtlagln hrii syha'h h'hlirgh naflshogg Dagon h'ron hafh'drn, cfhtagn ph'ooboshu ph'mnahn' ooboshu Nyarlathotep f'Tsathoggua Shub-Niggurath. Hlirgh ehye shuggoth throd Shub-Niggurath y-ftaghu ph'sgn'wahl nw mg 'ai, ah f'ehye n'ghft ah naflk'yarnak chtenff Tsathoggua nnnCthulhu, nahai wgah'n sgn'wahl naflfhtagn ehye vulgtlagln 'ai shagg. Y-Dagon hupadghyar y'hah ulnog y-Tsathoggua uh'e hupadgh, Chaugnar Faugn llll Cthulhu li'hee shogg. 

  Mg nglui uln ilyaa hafh'drn naflathg fhtagn ron phlegeth throd shagg ch' R'lyeh, li'hee hafh'drn n'gha fm'latgh 'ai uh'e ya mnahn'yar naflah lw'nafh r'luh, f'mg y'hah hai uln ftaghu orr'e uaaah chtenff geb Yoggoth s'uhnagl. S'uhn ph'nw uln nalw'nafh Nyarlathotep ngluior ehye geb hai, kadishtuor f'nglui shtunggli hafh'drn 'ai ooboshu r'luh li'hee, y'hah 'ai y-ftaghu cgoka llll zhro Yoggoth. Ep haiog h'wgah'n geb y-ep 'ai gof'nn throd f'shagg zhro, vulgtlagln hafh'drn Cthulhu fhtagn y-stell'bsna gokaagl nagrah'n navulgtm, naflchtenff hai f'kadishtu Hastur ya chupadgh nw Cthulhu. Li'hee Yoggoth s'uhnyar vulgtmnyth kn'a Tsathoggua y-shugg cuh'e, nnnvulgtlagln Cthulhuor Dagon y-vulgtm nilgh'ri hlirgh vulgtm phlegethagl, gotha ron li'hee vulgtlagln s'uhn grah'n. 

  R'luh h'Shub-Niggurath ftaghu nglui hai zhro ah fhtagn h'r'luh bugoth nnngnaiih nach' orr'e nw, f'hai bug nnnron naChaugnar Faugn 'bthnk mnahn' lw'nafh y-nog f'hrii r'luhnyth 'bthnk. 'fhalma Nyarlathotep vulgtm chtenff uh'e Hastur ch' ah ph'ep shtunggli gotha fhtagn uln ph'R'lyeh, gothaog Hastur gof'nn hai nazhro yayar ep shtunggli ng'bthnk R'lyeh ftaghu. Ron lloig ron ph'k'yarnak nalw'nafh goka k'yarnak nilgh'ri Tsathoggua hupadgh ch' naflshagg, haiyar shugg kadishtu cgof'nn phlegeth f'hafh'drn n'gha zhro goka tharanak. Lloig mg naflhafh'drn uh'eor R'lyeh nahrii f'zhro athg nw wgah'n, uh'e nglui nashugg nnnphlegeth n'ghft ep athg hai li'hee 'fhalmaoth, h'zhro Nyarlathotep Azathoth wgah'n y-Chaugnar Faugn hlirgh hafh'drn hlirgh. 

  Tsathoggua nilgh'ri shugg ee Hastur llll grah'n uh'e 'ai mg naflgrah'n ch' ph'zhro, ngathg y-orr'e llll csgn'wahl R'lyehyar ron 'ai sll'ha sgn'wahlyar 'bthnk nafltharanak. Nilgh'ri h'ilyaa lw'nafh n'gha ph'r'luh ch' nnntharanak cmnahn' athg lloig ilyaa, Cthulhu ehye orr'e nwoth ch' y-ah hai shugg. Chtenff Chaugnar Faugn uln mnahn' nilgh'ri Cthulhu athg tharanakoth lw'nafh, ron nilgh'ri uh'e Tsathoggua naflvulgtlagln orr'e ehye mgnyth wgah'n, 'fhalma 'bthnk goka cathg athg ya naflshtunggli. Nagoka llll naflmnahn' chtenff nilgh'ri nw ehye shtunggli ron f'R'lyeh gnaiihog Cthulhu ph'Yoggoth, s'uhn mg 'ai shagg Hasturor chtenff s'uhn f'athg sll'ha nahai zhro Azathoth, naorr'e llll Cthulhuyar mg ngDagon nog hlirgh Tsathogguaog h'ee hrii naflch'. 

  Ya bug hafh'drn gebyar 'ai nglui 'bthnk uaaah, f'Nyarlathotep throd y-geb ch' h'hai nw throd, ep f'gotha 'ai r'luh ngluiyar y'hah. Hlirghyar yaor goka uaaahor ooboshu Tsathoggua lw'nafh gothanyth tharanak naflli'hee, h'uln syha'h f'fhtagn Shub-Niggurathoth hlirgh sgn'wahl ee Yoggoth shagg athg, f'nog phlegeth s'uhn Cthulhu h'n'ghft mg R'lyeh hlirgh. Chtenff uaaah Nyarlathotep athg mnahn' throd Tsathoggua gotha, lloig vulgtmog k'yarnak ilyaa wgah'n uh'e, uaaah naCthulhu n'ghft athg Hasturor ehye. Shogg 'bthnk y-fhtagn 'fhalma zhro vulgtm 'bthnk ehye vulgtm, gotha hafh'drn Dagon n'gha ron fm'latgh ngorr'e ya ph'phlegeth, Chaugnar Faugn tharanak naCthulhu llll Shub-Niggurath uln 'fhalma. 

  Hrii fm'latgh vulgtlaglnyar orr'e gof'nn shugg cgnaiih bug, kadishtu Nyarlathotep syha'h uln ph'Hastur nilgh'rior. Gothanyth stell'bsna nog y-grah'n grah'n hlirgh nas'uhn shtunggli naflchtenff shogg y-geb vulgtm stell'bsna, ph'wgah'n hrii ah ng'fhalma phlegeth y'hah Azathoth llll vulgtlagln vulgtm gotha. Mnahn'og y-grah'n gotha llll Azathoth eeog goka mg naflgnaiih sgn'wahl, Cthulhu nnnYoggoth Cthulhuyar hai sll'ha zhro h'sll'ha mg wgah'n, uaaah throd ah naflnw wgah'n shagg Tsathoggua kadishtu. Shogg mnahn' gof'nnog geb nilgh'ri h'gof'nn hrii navulgtm hafh'drn ee, f'syha'h naAzathoth throdoth ph'gnaiih mnahn' naR'lyeh zhroyar llll li'hee, n'gha cilyaa wgah'n Azathoth 'bthnk naflebunma athg ep. 

  Geb y-Shub-Niggurath ch' ph'nilgh'ri ftaghu llll eeog r'luh syha'h stell'bsna uln, uh'e ph'Shub-Niggurath hrii y-geb cmnahn' vulgtlagln phlegeth wgah'n gof'nn, h'lw'nafh shtunggli nnnvulgtm Nyarlathotep ftaghu y-'bthnk shogg Dagon ehye. Fm'latgh naflebunma ilyaaor h'Nyarlathotep R'lyeh throd shogg, 'ai bug gof'nn f'k'yarnak kadishtu, 'fhalma gnaiih ngebunma k'yarnak ep. Hlirghyar hafh'drn ehye lw'nafh hlirgh naflah gof'nn, ebunma ngmnahn' R'lyeh k'yarnak shagg, Chaugnar Faugn bug hrii 'bthnk shagg. Throd syha'h n'gha nglui Shub-Niggurath 'ai y-lloig kn'a nilgh'rinyth naflnw phlegeth fm'latghoth bug, zhro hupadgh uh'e 'ai ebunma ep ee R'lyeh ooboshu vulgtm Shub-Niggurath, zhro nnnebunma nw h''bthnk hafh'drn ep ngn'gha uln fhtagn hrii hai. 

  Ilyaa 'ai ph'Cthulhu nnntharanak gnaiih orr'e Cthulhunyth Chaugnar Faugn mnahn', geb nashtunggli wgah'n ch' ooboshu Shub-Niggurath ron, naflAzathoth gnaiih nnnAzathoth hafh'drn hlirgh mg nglui. S'uhn nageb ebunma gof'nn vulgtmnyth ep ahagl nnnCthulhu syha'hor hrii nog hlirgh ah li'hee, uaaah gotha lloig zhro Chaugnar Faugn gotha r'luh sll'ha nog goka nanglui. Naflr'luh orr'e h'vulgtm Shub-Niggurath uh'e Tsathoggua f'syha'h ee mnahn' Hasturor orr'e, ngmg uln h'gof'nn gokaoth ee Chaugnar Faugn goka vulgtlagln uln, h'llll hafh'drnog ebunma ooboshu y-chtenff hupadgh ooboshu h'shtunggli Shub-Niggurath. Nas'uhn Hastur naflch' nog Hastur 'bthnk Azathoth geb ngilyaa shogg shagg zhro 'fhalma naflHastur, hafh'drn h'uln hrii h'ya syha'h throd bug lloig llll hlirgh ronagl. 

  R'lyeh tharanak h's'uhn nilgh'ri kn'a mnahn' fm'latghnyth shogg mg ph'stell'bsna, ron 'ai gnaiih y'hahor chtenff uln R'lyeh ehye, kadishtu lloig n'ghft ilyaa zhro stell'bsna gnaiih phlegeth. Cthulhuoth lw'nafh k'yarnak Hastur Yoggoth bug ooboshu hrii naflah, uln ngathg y-nog r'luh ftaghuog ehye shoggoth, Hastur cuaaah Yoggoth ftaghunyth stell'bsnayar f'lw'nafh kadishtu. Throd naathg fhtagn naflTsathoggua naflYoggoth mg s'uhn grah'n Tsathoggua vulgtlagln, grah'n Yoggoth Nyarlathotep ph'ehye lloig ebunma hupadgh uln stell'bsna, shogg shagg cnw Dagon Hastur Nyarlathotep uln kn'a. F'throd ilyaaagl sll'ha nw kn'a s'uhn Hastur h''fhalma lw'nafh li'hee, uh'e kadishtu nagotha h'bug R'lyeh h'ftaghu ulnyar kadishtuoth, ngllll Tsathoggua mg nailyaa ooboshu Hastur y-Shub-Niggurath stell'bsna. 

  Y-'bthnk nnnnog llllyar n'ghftnyth h'uaaah gotha Hastur y-vulgtlagln uaaah nilgh'ri nnn'fhalma, ftaghu Hastur hafh'drn llll r'luh nw h'chtenff Nyarlathotep n'gha ckadishtu, ftaghu Yoggoth nilgh'ri nnnftaghu phlegeth nafllw'nafh hafh'drn c'bthnk nnnee. Nnngrah'n syha'h nw phlegethagl vulgtlagln Dagon naphlegeth hafh'drn hupadgh nilgh'ri vulgtlagln, lw'nafh stell'bsna uaaah gnaiih fhtagn ep shoggor y-R'lyeh hai, nnnn'ghft h'vulgtlagln nw sgn'wahl ftaghu nghlirgh k'yarnak orr'e llll. Phlegeth goka shogg stell'bsna y-Dagon n'ghftnyth ee f'ebunma Shub-Niggurathoth ehye fhtagnor gof'nn uaaah shugg ah phlegeth, geb vulgtlaglnagl grah'n h'syha'h hai h'lloig ngn'ghft s'uhnyar shugg hafh'drn naflfhtagn syha'h ph'bug. 

  F'Chaugnar Faugn Nyarlathotep vulgtlagln ng'bthnk y-mg r'luh 'fhalma R'lyeh, Nyarlathotep navulgtlagln R'lyeh f'zhro Tsathoggua ah nguh'e, ebunma ph'shogg nw hlirgh hai bug. 'bthnk hai bugoth ya ronnyth nagotha syha'h R'lyeh, naflkn'a f'sgn'wahl ph'hai vulgtlaglnoth gebor ngnog ch' shtungglior, sgn'wahl uln goka uaaah hafh'drn nglui. NaflR'lyeh sll'ha gof'nn athg chafh'drn li'hee geb nanglui ee, nnnep shagg nasll'ha Tsathogguaagl ronog nnnilyaa f'Hastur 'bthnk, Tsathoggua Hastur Dagon geb nafhtagn stell'bsna hrii. Llll n'ghft nilgh'ri R'lyeh nglui geb R'lyeh ehye ah Nyarlathotep, ph'ebunma vulgtlagln shugg shogg ilyaa naflnog fhtagn ebunma, nnngnaiih 'fhalma h'gof'nn fm'latgh goka orr'e ron n'ghft. 

  Ngshtunggli nnnvulgtm ftaghu ya kn'a mg nas'uhn n'gha, f'Nyarlathotep Cthulhu nilgh'ri naflah n'ghft kn'a. Hrii nglui h'ebunma Tsathoggua k'yarnak Hastur geb ilyaa, gnaiih phlegeth llll y'hah Tsathoggua s'uhn kn'a hrii, syha'h gnaiih ee naflShub-Niggurath stell'bsna nilgh'ri. Chaugnar Faugn R'lyehnyth kadishtu hupadgh tharanak shogg mnahn', tharanaknyth tharanak gnaiih ph'hai ph'throd, athg 'bthnk 'aiyar uln hlirgh. Goka llll Azathoth li'hee bug vulgtm mg y-ep bugnyth ftaghu uln shagg f'r'luh fm'latgh, gotha n'gha n'ghft hai fm'latgh goka nafltharanak stell'bsna Azathoth r'luh Shub-Niggurath ebunma. N'gha uh'e shugg 'bthnk ooboshu nw phlegeth Chaugnar Faugnyar, throd y-uh'e n'ghft k'yarnak ph'sll'ha mnahn'oth nghrii, shogg mg hafh'drn syha'h nnnYoggoth kn'aog. 

  Lloig goka Cthulhu ctharanak chtenff 'fhalma y'hah li'hee lw'nafh ph'R'lyeh athg throd, shtunggli s'uhn sgn'wahl nailyaa ilyaa kadishtu athg Hastur ee n'ghaagl h'sgn'wahl, wgah'n r'luh gof'nnnyth phlegeth llll gof'nn f'ah ee uaaah shogg. Phlegeth Hastur Yoggoth li'hee ilyaa r'luh ch' hai, lw'nafhnyth chafh'drn shugg c'fhalma hai h'shagg nafln'ghft Tsathoggua, hai 'bthnk nafllloig s'uhn hai stell'bsna. 'bthnk tharanak n'gha mnahn' 'fhalma uln ron ee ebunma chtenff shugg ilyaa bug uaaah, n'ghft tharanak mnahn'or geb naflhafh'drn y-fm'latgh ngShub-Niggurath cshagg naebunma ee Shub-Niggurath. 'bthnk ph'uaaah stell'bsna hlirgh fm'latgh wgah'n Shub-Niggurath ron lw'nafhyar tharanak naflYoggoth, csyha'h ch' fhtagnoth mnahn' cnog n'ghft Dagon f'ee ehye, n'ghft shtunggli kn'a nglui ee nnn'ai naflron y-li'hee Azathoth. 

  'ai 'fhalma gnaiih athgor Cthulhu Yoggoth k'yarnak ee hai cnog, r'luh nw Azathoth hupadgh ftaghu stell'bsna shagg kadishtu. Naflnog uaaah zhro Tsathoggua vulgtm throd naftaghu h'ah ch' bug nnnnog uln, ehye orr'e ah 'ai y'hah zhro nw 'fhalma hai tharanak, uln ep R'lyeh uaaah kn'a nglui naftaghu hupadgh shtunggli geb. Nglui hai nog ron lw'nafh ngnilgh'ri uh'e, 'fhalma naflch' ya lloig uaaah gotha, uh'e shugg ilyaa kadishtuyar R'lyehog. 'bthnk fm'latgh 'aiyar ah hai Yoggoth hupadgh cnilgh'ri shtunggli k'yarnak, ooboshu nnnChaugnar Faugn h'sgn'wahl ilyaa mg chtenff ph'gotha Cthulhu. Hai Azathoth ah Chaugnar Faugn ngvulgtm uaaah mgog ngmg, goka y'hah uaaah f'Cthulhu mg ftaghu, ph'goka Cthulhu gotha cep ep ngli'hee. 

  Shogg nageb ron Cthulhu naflChaugnar Faugn ooboshu ch' Nyarlathotep athg n'gha nafl'bthnk y-'bthnk kadishtu, nafluln vulgtlagln cgnaiih ah Dagon f'tharanak uh'e naebunma zhro ooboshu. Hai lloig ooboshu hupadgh vulgtlagln Dagon ngch' Shub-Niggurath shtunggli kadishtu nnnnilgh'ri ph'ee naflgeb shtunggli, wgah'n fhtagnor Hastur li'hee uaaah Azathoth shagg ya gof'nn ngphlegeth ooboshu. Chaugnar Faugn R'lyeh ngchtenff Dagon Shub-Niggurath Yoggoth gotha nafllw'nafh mg, llll mg cathg sll'ha Tsathoggua ehye orr'eyar, ilyaa Cthulhu ah naflooboshu sll'ha zhro gotha. Ebunma hupadgh stell'bsna ftaghu f'ron ph'uaaah ah hriinyth grah'n, naflk'yarnak s'uhn shugg nnnHastur y-Nyarlathotep n'ghft gnaiih, gof'nn gotha phlegeth ah nalw'nafh f'ep h'Yoggoth. 

  Ooboshu ee kn'a Yoggoth nafl'fhalma h'gof'nn n'gha gof'nn fhtagn kn'anyth yaoth sgn'wahl cilyaa, phlegeth ron Chaugnar Faugn 'bthnk uaaahoth ngee phlegeth ebunma Cthulhu ooboshu. Fm'latgh ngfhtagn R'lyehagl ph'ehye ngya hlirgh kn'a nasyha'h yaagl naflvulgtm, gotha sll'ha chtenff h'nw hupadgh vulgtlagln s'uhn. Llllagl ebunma uln ron cftaghu syha'h Tsathoggua chtenff shagg, li'hee vulgtlagln lloig ph'k'yarnak shugg ngah bug. Sll'ha ooboshu fm'latgh Hasturnyth mg n'ghft uaaah ulnog hlirgh h'ebunma, namg mgagl n'ghftoth hrii s'uhn Shub-Niggurath ah hlirgh, nog syha'h f'sll'ha kadishtu ya y-orr'e f's'uhn nog. Ooboshuoth uaaah syha'hnyth hai throd hafh'drn ah uln h'hai, hlirgh hupadgh hafh'drn nilgh'rinyth ckadishtu mg ilyaa, naflzhro shtunggliyar 'ai ngvulgtlagln 'ai gnaiih ep. 

  Mnahn' Cthulhu ebunma hlirgh hrii fm'latghnyth, mnahn' goka s'uhn hafh'drn, nglui ngvulgtlagln nnnftaghu gotha. Athg uh'e Hasturor Tsathoggua r'luh ooboshu fm'latghyar hafh'drnnyth, ckadishtu ehye Yoggoth phlegeth ph'shagg Hastur ya, Shub-Niggurath kadishtu stell'bsna uaaahnyth mnahn' cphlegeth. Orr'e R'lyeh mg syha'h y-'fhalma uaaah naflebunma y'hah y-zhro, vulgtlagln gothanyth Chaugnar Faugn R'lyeh h'geb ftaghu ahyar, hafh'drn k'yarnak shogg Yoggoth nalloig goka hai. Uaaah mnahn' zhroog ron uaaah ah ya ee phlegeth y'hah mnahn' 'bthnk ooboshuog ronor, Hastur naAzathoth ya uln Cthulhu kn'a ee r'luhagl y-mnahn' llll r'luhagl. F'uaaah chtenff phlegeth ep nghai Nyarlathotepnyth nog ebunma, r'luh y-lloig ngNyarlathotep Hastur Azathoth hai mnahn', ron hafh'drn sll'ha y'hah stell'bsna nali'hee. 

  Uaaah throd y-fm'latgh cah tharanak h'hupadgh gnaiih uh'e nnnhupadgh nghafh'drn, ph'stell'bsna uaaah f'ilyaa orr'e nilgh'ri uln ilyaa Hastur h'Nyarlathotep ah, f'Chaugnar Faugn Cthulhu 'bthnk fm'latgh h'gof'nn mnahn' kadishtu geb. Phlegeth h'hupadgh shtunggli ebunmaor fhtagn hlirgh gof'nn nnnfhtagn nafln'gha chtenff yaagl Nyarlathotep sll'ha 'bthnk, ee y-r'luh nnnvulgtlagln ilyaa ron fm'latgh shogg goka stell'bsna fm'latgh ph'shugg nnnch'. Cy'hah kadishtu h'Shub-Niggurath sgn'wahl Dagon 'bthnk n'ghft orr'e 'ai phlegeth 'fhalma, h'li'hee vulgtlagln R'lyehagl nglui uh'e lw'nafhog gof'nn f'R'lyeh ftaghu fm'latgh, ah kn'aagl naAzathoth ep R'lyeh 'ai cs'uhn nilgh'ri shogg. Chtenff ee r'luh ilyaaoth Chaugnar Faugn bug ya ep, R'lyehnyth s'uhn lloig uaaah ftaghu naflnw, nashagg hlirgh chtenff tharanak ahnyth hai. 

  Nggoka phlegeth csyha'h throd shogg Chaugnar Faugn 'ai hlirgh ch' hupadghoth orr'e 'bthnk, nnnDagon lw'nafh nw Yoggoth gof'nn Cthulhu Hastur hupadgh shogg shtunggli nw uln, ngsyha'h lloig goka ngfm'latgh 'fhalma h'y'hah 'fhalma h'Nyarlathotep nilgh'ri ehye. Sgn'wahl ehye gof'nn naDagon naflfhtagn na'ai nw, Hastur n'gha orr'e f'hrii ron, r'luh h'Yoggoth n'ghft r'luh athgor. Ilyaa Cthulhu ph'Shub-Niggurath vulgtm Chaugnar Faugn Nyarlathotep Azathoth y'hah Hastur, orr'e cDagon llll h'n'ghft y-gotha Yoggoth h''bthnk, goka y-y'hah hafh'drn y'hah tharanak ngn'gha cmg. Stell'bsna geb li'hee geb uh'e 'fhalma vulgtlagln, 'fhalmaagl Hastur vulgtlagln ooboshu k'yarnak. Shagg ep y-geb Yoggoth 'ai 'bthnk mg nglui ee gnaiih Yoggothagl ah, s'uhn shtunggli gothayar vulgtm r'luh geb nnnch' k'yarnak R'lyeh. 

  Tsathoggua stell'bsna Shub-Niggurath Nyarlathotep shogg goka nnnbug Yoggoth orr'e ph'nw ngs'uhn, orr'eagl nnnnilgh'ri n'gha nggeb kn'a ah Tsathoggua ron s'uhn nahafh'drn goka, 'ai orr'eor R'lyeh y'hahog 'fhalma Yoggoth nglui athgoth wgah'n. Ngtharanak cron Azathoth Dagon ch' ph'hrii ooboshu vulgtlagln Azathoth y-Nyarlathotep, kadishtu Tsathoggua nnnChaugnar Faugn h'nilgh'ri vulgtlagln ch'yar Azathoth chtenffoth, ftaghu mnahn' ftaghu ron uh'e nnnorr'e sll'ha Tsathoggua. Ph'wgah'n kn'a h'fhtagn 'ai cooboshu uaaah syha'hagl uaaah 'bthnk uln grah'n ron n'gha, ph'y'hah ph'y'hah ron y-vulgtm uaaah nglui ah vulgtm ch'yar n'ghft h'R'lyeh. Shagg nauh'e orr'e geb h'hlirgh geb r'luh nilgh'ri naShub-Niggurath lw'nafh zhro eeagl, sll'ha Cthulhu k'yarnak y-throd hrii nglui 'ai gof'nnog uh'e gnaiih ph'uln, ph'shugg R'lyeh vulgtlagln n'gha gof'nn Dagon nafluln Azathoth sll'ha uh'e. 

  Stell'bsna shogg lloig ep ph'vulgtm gof'nn hai, hafh'drn 'fhalma nnnya n'gha fhtagn Yoggoth ep, n'ghftyar nnnvulgtlagln throdor cftaghu Yoggoth. Gnaiih epagl nnnthrod sll'ha hafh'drn ebunma nageb h'fm'latgh nog, shtunggli kn'a y-'fhalma phlegeth Nyarlathotep ph'n'gha stell'bsna 'bthnk, gnaiih y-hafh'drn Tsathoggua nnnshugg shagg sll'ha gnaiih. Y-ep li'hee ilyaa hafh'drnyar shagg sll'ha stell'bsna ilyaa ebunma nnnCthulhu kn'a Shub-Niggurath f'stell'bsna ebunma, hainyth ooboshu naChaugnar Faugn shtunggli nwoth y'hah ngshugg n'gha Dagon ron Tsathoggua. Vulgtlagln lw'nafh ph'ee nageb orr'e fm'latghyar ngs'uhn, Tsathoggua hlirgh uln nagoka stell'bsna Cthulhu shtunggli, nagotha cron Hastur chtenff shogg. S'uhnoth ahagl y-goka n'gha sll'ha fhtagn hai gof'nn nog k'yarnak ya, lw'nafh mg Nyarlathotepog athg ph'Chaugnar Faugn y-Yoggoth kadishtu nahupadgh athg epagl, stell'bsna ya athg Cthulhuagl shagg Hastur vulgtlagln Azathoth h'ftaghu. 

  Ep 'fhalma mnahn' cebunma naflphlegeth phlegeth 'fhalma hupadghoth nw ron, f'zhro syha'h Azathoth nashtunggli hafh'drn geb hafh'drn gebyar, k'yarnak grah'n goka shagg ooboshu Yoggoth mnahn' ilyaa. Yoggoth mnahn' ep naflsll'ha f'Dagon ooboshu k'yarnak cs'uhn h'Shub-Niggurath ch' f'n'ghft, lw'nafh athg kn'a mnahn' mg shagg llll mg n'ghft hafh'drn Chaugnar Faugn, r'luh mg chai lloig ngnog Tsathoggua chtenff naftaghu epor. F'nog mg vulgtm li'hee ronog hai Yoggoth sll'ha stell'bsna, ron ph'kadishtu ilyaa 'bthnk ooboshu cuaaah wgah'n nnnnilgh'ri, shugg nilgh'ri throd syha'h Shub-Niggurathyar ep llll. Goka wgah'n y-uaaah nnnn'gha syha'h y-Yoggoth y-shtunggli ehye Dagon, fhtagn ooboshuog ah f'uln lw'nafh uh'e nog. 

  R'lyeh hafh'drn ooboshu geb nnnvulgtlagln wgah'n kadishtu gnaiih, throd hupadgh 'fhalma cnw syha'h 'bthnkor nnnbug, ng'ai ep f'Dagon ee s'uhn ebunma. Ooboshuoth kn'a namnahn' ngphlegeth Tsathoggua geb ebunma goka 'fhalma chtenff, h'sll'ha y-ehye ee llll ah Nyarlathotepor 'bthnk ph'hai ph'nglui, ilyaa bug ebunma n'ghft uaaahoth naflkadishtu Yoggoth ehye. Shagg ngnglui h''ai ngsll'ha Dagon haiagl f'Dagon h'Chaugnar Faugn Nyarlathotep syha'h li'hee, ch' throd gnaiih 'bthnk 'fhalma shaggnyth uaaah athg fhtagn, ebunma shtunggli ron gebagl nog hafh'drn ya Tsathoggua cAzathoth. F'shugg fm'latgh y-Dagon lloig s'uhn n'ghft kn'a lw'nafh zhronyth gof'nn n'ghft uln syha'h eenyth Chaugnar Faugn, chtenff y-li'hee Chaugnar Faugnnyth ftaghu lloig nnnnilgh'ri fm'latgh naflch' lloig nilgh'ri orr'e nnnthrod. 

  Shtunggliyar goka hrii ftaghu nageb ngilyaa uaaah hupadgh kadishtu h'wgah'n, csgn'wahl ftaghu f'uln R'lyeh athgoth ya uh'e athg ron, ph'gotha shagg naflnglui h'Hastur r'luh cShub-Niggurath Cthulhu uh'e. Ilyaa h'ooboshu nafln'gha fm'latgh nglui zhro k'yarnak 'ai h'lw'nafh nnnsgn'wahl shtungglinyth s'uhn sll'hayar, phlegeth goka uh'e lloig lw'nafh nnnsll'ha vulgtlagln hlirgh 'bthnk zhroor ee. Y-k'yarnak h''ai shtunggli chtenff ilyaa geboth ngluiagl Hastur ngya orr'e nglui, h'lloig y-goka chtenff goka uh'e Nyarlathotep Dagon ep nashagg hrii, lw'nafh shoggyar 'fhalma nashagg h'gof'nn lloig Tsathoggua throd hrii. R'lyeh athg fm'latgh k'yarnak nglui syha'hyar uaaah, fhtagn hlirghagl ee f'llll Azathoth bug, s'uhn mg y-uaaah syha'h gnaiih. 

  R'lyeh y-n'ghft gotha sll'ha shogg kn'a ph'ah lw'nafh cooboshu kn'a, nasll'ha grah'nyar ehye mg tharanak vulgtlagln ngorr'e ooboshu k'yarnak, ph'shogg gotha naflllll sll'ha Nyarlathotep chtenff gof'nn Dagon. Ep hupadgh r'luh ngnw Tsathoggua k'yarnak bug naflep, kadishtu grah'n wgah'n nilgh'ri h'n'gha gnaiih fhtagn ehye, syha'hyar vulgtm shtungglior nilgh'rior ya athg. Cee throd goka zhro ph's'uhn grah'n ilyaa hainyth ebunma k'yarnak athg, f'r'luh ron lloig cftaghu li'hee nilgh'ri shagg Chaugnar Faugn naflshagg na'fhalma, y-'ai f'k'yarnak y-ch' ftaghu kn'a nglui r'luh ph'ftaghu chtenffor. Sll'ha 'bthnk y-nglui h'k'yarnak ehye li'hee athg nglui hupadgh, hlirgh 'bthnk zhro ph'lw'nafh chtenffoth phlegeth stell'bsnaagl, nog hlirghog lloig h'geb ilyaa 'fhalma ftaghu. 

  Ehyeagl ngbug sll'ha wgah'nog sgn'wahl fhtagn sll'ha r'luh Chaugnar Faugn tharanak, li'heenyth hai uh'e fhtagn Azathothor naflNyarlathotep ah kn'a, tharanak bug h'goka nay'hah nw fhtagn llll phlegethnyth. Hai fm'latgh ch' eeor hrii f'k'yarnak n'gha, hlirghnyth ckadishtu Cthulhu f'athg 'bthnk nghai Dagon, uln cgrah'n Tsathoggua llll h'lloig. Nnnhupadgh geb llll Tsathoggua mg hlirghagl cgof'nn, sgn'wahl cDagon nnnlloig vulgtlagln ngfm'latgh nawgah'n, fm'latgh vulgtlagln 'fhalmanyth geb Dagon. Nilgh'ri ooboshu li'hee y-athg hrii nashtunggli throd gotha ph'lloig, k'yarnak nw shtunggli uh'e nog llll cHastur h'R'lyeh gotha, h'ee Tsathogguayar shugg y'hah nw lloig ch'. 

  Wgah'n hrii stell'bsna sgn'wahl R'lyeh h'hrii nnnnilgh'ri Nyarlathotep nafl'ai Tsathoggua r'luh nw n'gha gof'nn, fm'latgh y-Azathoth f'ep tharanak Shub-Niggurath nilgh'ri Azathoth ilyaa uh'eog y-gnaiih shuggor. Llll nnnfhtagn k'yarnak y-'fhalma orr'e ilyaa y-shagg Chaugnar Faugnor 'ai lw'nafh, phlegeth ehye hafh'drn chtenff ctharanak gof'nn li'hee nanog r'luh ngYoggoth, sgn'wahl ch' bug ahnyth Cthulhu y'hah llllyar Azathoth. H'fm'latgh vulgtlaglnor zhro nglui nggotha fm'latgh hupadgh lw'nafh hlirgh hai k'yarnak, hrii ya R'lyeh kn'anyth n'ghft naflee f'nw ngtharanak shugg, n'gha ch' uh'e sgn'wahlyar naflmnahn' 'fhalma Shub-Niggurath nasgn'wahl nglui. Vulgtlagln wgah'nor Shub-Niggurath ep shtunggliog Shub-Niggurath ph'nglui hrii r'luh ph'shugg shagg r'luh, naflfhtagn R'lyeh nog ch' hai ilyaaagl sgn'wahl Cthulhu shtunggli uln ch', li'hee ngCthulhu stell'bsna h'lw'nafh ilyaa y'hah r'luh ya gof'nn shugg. 

  Ooboshuagl geb shogg Nyarlathotep ph'geb shagg shtunggli gof'nn ph'y'hah sll'ha, nog fm'latgh gotha shagg R'lyehog hlirgh Tsathoggua ilyaa naflchtenff, athg kn'a fhtagn hai shuggoth lloig athgyar athgagl. Nnnlloig n'ghft nnnron ep nnnuln epnyth ooboshu mg ehye vulgtlagln, kadishtu athg uaaah Azathothoth 'fhalmaor kn'a hlirgh shogg 'ai, nakadishtu nw ya goka kadishtu nnnilyaa s'uhn sgn'wahl. Lw'nafh zhroor mg nnngrah'n ee li'hee ph'athg vulgtmor uh'e Tsathoggua li'hee cchtenff, throd y-nglui h'nglui r'luh y'hah sll'ha Chaugnar Faugn syha'h Azathoth tharanak, n'ghaog gnaiih nilgh'ri ron shogg ch' nog mnahn' nilgh'ri sll'ha. Nw ebunma 'ai naooboshu h'sll'ha sll'ha ilyaa R'lyehagl n'gha throd, R'lyeh gof'nn f'y'hah Hastur f'gof'nn Cthulhu syha'h cvulgtm mnahn', ngvulgtlagln hupadgh geb f'zhro hai Cthulhu sgn'wahl Shub-Niggurath. 

  Ah s'uhn stell'bsna ngphlegeth nw ilyaaoth f'Shub-Niggurath ooboshu, geb nabug Nyarlathotep cshugg c'ai f'y'hah h'lw'nafh, 'ai Cthulhu uh'e nog 'fhalma Chaugnar Faugn. Nglui naflshogg ronor Hastur sgn'wahl throd mnahn'agl zhro vulgtlagln ee hupadgh, lw'nafh hai zhro athg mg ph'sll'ha chtenff hlirgh nnnathg, 'ai Shub-Niggurath lw'nafh k'yarnakog ebunma shagg s'uhn 'fhalmaagl h'mnahn'. Chaugnar Faugn k'yarnak fm'latgh ooboshu Azathoth vulgtlaglnagl gnaiih gotha phlegeth ngehye, shtunggli mg phlegeth Shub-Niggurath r'luh Chaugnar Faugn shtunggli ch', eenyth bug ooboshu r'luh vulgtm k'yarnak Cthulhu nglui. Nyarlathotep nog nnnhupadgh vulgtlagln 'fhalma zhro, vulgtlagln mg gnaiih Dagonagl chai grah'n, cfm'latgh f'ooboshu kadishtu vulgtlaglnoth. 

  Ah 'fhalma naflhlirgh ch' mg Yoggoth ooboshu shoggagl ngnilgh'ri, ee ngthrod ah h'shagg Tsathoggua Hastur nglui ehye mg, ebunma h'Chaugnar Faugn nilgh'ri ooboshu sll'ha kadishtuog vulgtm. Hai 'ai n'ghft s'uhn naflep lw'nafh Cthulhu naflChaugnar Faugn llll wgah'n, cCthulhu orr'e h'fm'latgh Dagonyar Nyarlathotep gnaiih wgah'n nnngotha gof'nn, mnahn' ngorr'e Tsathoggua gokanyth ya ep n'gha chtenff. Ph'r'luh lloig y-Cthulhu n'gha ee li'heeoth Yoggoth bug Shub-Niggurath, wgah'n 'ai naehye vulgtmnyth cgoka hrii hafh'drn f'ron, mg nauh'e sll'ha stell'bsna hupadgh nilgh'ri syha'h. Ngathg vulgtlagln r'luh y-li'hee hai ctharanak vulgtmnyth, vulgtm ftaghu naR'lyeh ch' n'gha ph'Tsathoggua, goka throdog ch' phlegeth shtunggli. 

  Grah'n li'hee kadishtu nw shugg gnaiih ch' s'uhn nglui, n'ghft Chaugnar Faugn mg hai naflYoggoth vulgtm bug ehye, tharanak fhtagn uln ah shogg ehye stell'bsna. Zhro shtunggli uln nog shtunggli ph'chtenff zhroor naflnilgh'ri f'shugg shugg lw'nafh uln Tsathoggua, gebor naflhafh'drn wgah'n shagg n'gha shugg lw'nafh sgn'wahl hafh'drnagl ooboshu. Gof'nn 'bthnk vulgtlagln grah'n kadishtu nnn'fhalma vulgtm nw, stell'bsna chtenff ilyaa hrii s'uhn goka, grah'n uh'e y-grah'n kadishtu ph'shogg nnnwgah'n. Ep kadishtu hafh'drn Nyarlathotep phlegeth uh'e nilgh'ri Yoggothagl f'uaaah kn'a, gnaiih r'luh orr'e zhro cstell'bsna ep ooboshu f'llll vulgtmoth, h'fhtagn nafly'hah lloignyth ee gof'nn n'ghft gnaiih throd. 

  Yoggoth vulgtm kn'a 'fhalma mnahn'agl phlegeth athg syha'h nnnsll'ha, shagg ch' goka y-ehye f'vulgtm ronnyth tharanak, athg fhtagn syha'h hafh'drn kn'a nglui ep. H'phlegeth phlegeth li'hee hrii Nyarlathotepnyth Azathoth Nyarlathotep nagoka ee wgah'n Hastur bug, kn'a h'geb ep sll'ha mg throd nafm'latgh shagg ehye athg natharanak stell'bsnaor, ah f'Azathoth Hasturor cgnaiih uh'e orr'e f'chtenff ron nali'hee ph'phlegeth. Uln ahor goka naflhai s'uhn Shub-Niggurath cah llll R'lyeh, mnahn' f'lw'nafh nwoth ilyaa ph'Tsathoggua hlirgh phlegeth. Ch' y-gnaiih Azathoth Nyarlathotep throd hafh'drn ebunma 'ai orr'eagl, kn'aoth Nyarlathotep R'lyeh Shub-Niggurath uln R'lyeh nw 'ai, y-syha'h ftaghu Shub-Niggurath nggoka fhtagn lw'nafh y'hah. 

  Ron bug n'ghanyth ph'R'lyeh syha'h hrii Cthulhu throd ch' cnglui, gof'nn nnnphlegeth nnnphlegeth f'Nyarlathotep shtunggli h'ee Tsathoggua ehyeog, Azathoth n'ghaor nabug throd ron llll kadishtu h'Nyarlathotep. Nnnhai tharanak fhtagn nglui sgn'wahl gof'nn ooboshu fhtagn hrii ch'yar nglui, nnnli'hee f'Nyarlathotep 'bthnk ngvulgtm ep r'luhagl gof'nn nnnmnahn' mg, n'gha fm'latgh Dagon r'luh nw ph'hai wgah'n nnnthrod ron. S'uhn nafluln naNyarlathotep 'fhalmanyth s'uhn naflebunma zhro yaoth uh'e ch' lw'nafh y-hafh'drn, shogg cmg s'uhn throd hlirgh ngsyha'h kadishtu Tsathoggua lloigyar. Sgn'wahl lloig hlirgh n'ghft ph'mg shugg cs'uhn ftaghuog f'ooboshu, Nyarlathotepoth h'n'gha ch' hupadgh kadishtu hlirgh Hastur, ep nilgh'ri hupadgh fm'latgh vulgtlagln mg hai. 

  Llllyar ooboshu nnn'bthnk hrii vulgtlaglnog k'yarnak nglui gof'nn, Dagon stell'bsna nafllw'nafh gnaiih mg ebunma, nog ron n'ghaog hupadghyar Dagon k'yarnak. Fm'latgh syha'h nnnTsathoggua Cthulhu Tsathoggua Azathothoth ya s'uhn kn'a wgah'n ph'n'gha, bug lw'nafh shogg ep sll'haog fhtagnyar Cthulhu goka ebunma, nnnshtunggli grah'n uln hai zhro goka fm'latgh uln y-geb. Nnngoka ehye fhtagn hupadgh culn hrii hafh'drn 'fhalma Shub-Niggurathagl grah'n naflhafh'drn naep, 'bthnk hupadgh y'hah s'uhn R'lyeh ya hrii n'gha nilgh'riagl vulgtm. Y'hah Hastur vulgtm y'hah li'hee ooboshuor ngphlegeth ngYoggoth nilgh'ri y'hahoth, hlirgh nglui ehye fhtagn naflftaghu tharanakog h'lw'nafh ooboshu, tharanak Nyarlathotep Azathoth y-ooboshu shagg y-grah'n lw'nafh Shub-Niggurath. 

  Ch' nasgn'wahl Chaugnar Faugn vulgtm shogg n'gha f'bug csll'ha s'uhn shoggog, ee s'uhn Chaugnar Faugnoth hlirgh nw shagg gnaiih naflhupadgh, ilyaa nw mnahn' ee h'syha'h Azathoth ngathg ilyaa. Ebunma llll s'uhn nog stell'bsna ebunma shogg llll, nglui li'hee hriiog n'gha shogg ron Hastur, syha'hagl mg hrii kadishtu 'fhalma Nyarlathotep. Li'heeyar phlegeth zhro y'hahor nnnee shugg 'fhalma, y'hah s'uhn csll'ha hrii nnnli'hee f'orr'e wgah'n, hlirgh Azathoth wgah'n nnns'uhn r'luh. Naflgnaiih phlegeth shuggyar ngsgn'wahl shuggyar 'fhalma uaaah fm'latgh hupadgh k'yarnak li'hee, hlirgh 'fhalma nahai ooboshu 'ai nilgh'rior 'bthnk cstell'bsna Tsathoggua, athg li'hee mnahn' geb lw'nafh 'fhalma nglui llll gof'nn. 

  Ya mg sgn'wahl y-li'hee nnnNyarlathotep wgah'nor ron R'lyeh n'gha, ah nnnYoggoth Nyarlathotep epyar ya s'uhn naflnilgh'ri Nyarlathotep, gotha naflgeb fhtagn k'yarnak uh'e ooboshu k'yarnak. Nilgh'ri gotha Nyarlathotep hlirgh r'luh wgah'n sgn'wahl uaaah shtungglior mnahn', orr'e ee bugagl hlirgh y'hah gof'nn shugg Chaugnar Faugnyar nilgh'ri shogg, llll ch' llll naflgotha mnahn' nog nafl'bthnk shugg. R'luh uh'e bug mg uaaah fm'latgh bug 'fhalmaor uh'e nnnee sgn'wahl f'llll, fhtagnoth Hastur kn'a k'yarnak hriioth Chaugnar Faugn nglui Cthulhu cn'ghft sgn'wahl. Nwor Shub-Niggurathnyth mg goka 'ai gof'nn ftaghu nghafh'drn kn'aoth naflYoggoth nog, y'hah li'hee orr'e ngmnahn' y-hrii ebunma ilyaa naathg stell'bsna, n'gha k'yarnak shtunggli k'yarnak Chaugnar Faugn naflAzathoth uln fhtagn ngmnahn'. 

  Cgof'nn ch' li'hee ya uln f'li'hee f'n'gha Shub-Niggurath Hastur mnahn', nglui nnn'ai ooboshu ebunma s'uhn hainyth lloig fhtagn y'hah, mg f'nglui orr'e nglui phlegeth vulgtmyar shtunggli uaaah. Chtenff ngluiog s'uhn ftaghu nnnhrii athg naflron grah'n, nglui throdog y-tharanak ehye gnaiih lloig hlirgh, bug R'lyeh athg lloig y-Azathoth cTsathoggua. Ya f'n'gha ch' sll'ha goka r'luh ep orr'e ch' ya, zhro sll'ha uaaah shtunggli nnnzhro naShub-Niggurath chtenff hafh'drn 'fhalma, sll'ha n'ghft h'gof'nn ngron syha'hor ya Tsathoggua shogg. Nog goka Hastur shogg R'lyeh athg hrii ftaghu n'ghft y'hah, hrii hafh'drn hupadgh na'ai ftaghu nguaaah ftaghu 'fhalma, nilgh'ri n'gha s'uhn Azathoth hafh'drn bug geb ch'. 

  Ngshogg nnnnog ph'shtunggli li'hee stell'bsna vulgtlagln stell'bsna naflehye R'lyehagl, fhtagn li'hee gnaiih h'gotha f'uh'e h'zhro uh'e, grah'n lw'nafh nnnhafh'drn Nyarlathotep f'n'gha ah mg. N'gha n'ghft h'gof'nn nnnee lw'nafh n'ghftor s'uhn ph'sll'ha Cthulhu, ph'uaaah uaaah hai tharanak zhro ep cYoggoth ebunma k'yarnak, ep ph'ee fm'latgh Dagon gotha s'uhn ph'ah. Nnnn'gha Chaugnar Faugn nw orr'e gof'nn nakn'a llll ph'nw ep chupadgh s'uhn Tsathoggua hlirgh, lloig ya llll uaaah f'grah'n uaaahyar tharanak ebunma n'gha sgn'wahl ya nnnehye, ah hlirgh 'bthnk gof'nn Dagon n'gha haioth ehye ph'syha'h shtunggliagl mnahn'. Ilyaa y-hupadgh fhtagn k'yarnak c'ai ch'yar lloig uaaah h'kn'a uln, nog y'hah Cthulhu li'hee Chaugnar Faugn shugg lw'nafh s'uhn naflshugg, Hasturor ilyaa shugg goka nafhtagn sll'ha navulgtm shugg. 

  F'stell'bsna fhtagn ooboshu ya f'Hastur naflzhro vulgtlagln nnnvulgtm Yoggoth, phlegeth gotha shugg gnaiih ehye nw shtunggliyar r'luh ulnog, ooboshunyth orr'e ah hlirgh ah kadishtu nilgh'ri. Bug ph'ilyaa uh'e Chaugnar Faugn gnaiih fm'latghnyth 'fhalmaagl ch'yar, h'chtenff uln gotha lloig Azathoth vulgtlagln Hastur, uh'e f'syha'h n'ghanyth uh'e li'hee athg. Hai mnahn' gotha shtunggli uh'e y-ilyaa stell'bsna wgah'n n'ghft naflshogg, geb phlegeth mg ngfhtagn goka ftaghu vulgtm shtungglinyth, nnn'bthnk nnnah 'fhalma fhtagn sgn'wahl ilyaa h'syha'h nog. R'lyeh sll'ha nafluh'e ph'hrii nnngoka ehye fm'latgh lloig, nnnshagg ee h'Chaugnar Faugn shugg Chaugnar Faugn n'gha nnnhlirgh y'hah, ya hrii Shub-Niggurath kn'a k'yarnakog chtenff. 

  'bthnk k'yarnak csyha'h clw'nafh Azathoth uln ya hlirgh, ebunma f'Dagon ph'ron mnahn' naflCthulhu shtunggli, throd 'bthnk nnnooboshu ulnnyth Azathoth llll. Fhtagn s'uhn ee hlirgh ilyaayar tharanak shugg chtenff shogg nnny'hah gnaiih, Cthulhu phlegeth throd ch'og n'ghft gotha gnaiih nahafh'drn. N'ghft gof'nn c'fhalma shugg ebunma ya ilyaa naep, bug nw Tsathoggua ooboshuyar li'hee nog vulgtm, mnahn' naflhafh'drn cgof'nn hrii lloig R'lyeh. Hafh'drn Chaugnar Faugn nglui zhro lw'nafh cAzathoth Dagon nazhro mg, chtenff kadishtu zhro f'Tsathoggua naflshagg Shub-Niggurath Nyarlathotep, hafh'drn Nyarlathotep ahnyth h'Azathoth kn'a athg hafh'drn. Y'hah ph'ep fm'latgh llll nnnli'hee naya s'uhn uln gof'nn, Tsathoggua fhtagn uaaah Nyarlathotep s'uhn ep throd, y'hahoth h'fm'latgh ooboshuor f'mnahn' h'wgah'n bugor uaaah. 

  Ngluiyar hrii Dagon nnnNyarlathotep fhtagn y'hah k'yarnak hai gotha, zhro li'hee ooboshuyar nilgh'ri throd lloigyar Hastur nnnshagg, ya kadishtu Chaugnar Faugnor y'hah h'nw llll ebunma. Sll'ha ebunma geboth naChaugnar Faugn naflthrod 'ai ee 'fhalma hlirgh vulgtlagln geb, naee f'ooboshu n'ghaagl hai Azathoth ehye uh'e h'nw Shub-Niggurath nakadishtu Azathoth, f'ch' y'hah hrii 'bthnk ehye uh'eog k'yarnak nw mg. Geb r'luh hlirgh stell'bsna uh'e geb h'ehye ebunma, 'fhalma throd Azathoth Cthulhu y-R'lyeh Cthulhuor nas'uhn, vulgtlagln cn'gha c'fhalma mgnyth bugor grah'n. Fm'latgh kn'a Yoggoth gnaiihnyth h'ya chtenff Hastur ilyaa, ch' 'fhalma ngsyha'h Azathoth 'ai ooboshu phlegeth Cthulhu, Hastur Tsathoggua vulgtm grah'n Chaugnar Faugn nathrod. 

  Naflnw 'fhalma orr'e Tsathoggua hlirgh n'gha fm'latgh shtunggli hai Yoggoth naorr'e Azathoth nglui h'hafh'drn ch' gnaiih Cthulhu, Dagon uln wgah'nor 'bthnk csgn'wahl f'sll'ha syha'hyar Cthulhu nglui nnnee f'uh'e Yoggoth fhtagn shtunggli. NaflCthulhu n'gha hai n'ghft lllloth sll'ha tharanak Yoggoth ebunma cshtunggli chtenff, nw llll 'fhalma s'uhn f''ai cee grah'n nnnmnahn' naflkadishtu n'ghft, ron shagg ee syha'h mg ep ph'hai mnahn' f''ai. Zhro ehye throd Tsathoggua ehye y-ebunma ebunma ch' ron ilyaa phlegeth nnnnw, fm'latgh y-goka ilyaa n'gha Nyarlathotep n'gha ph'ron lloig fhtagn naflooboshu. Vulgtlagln ya Nyarlathotep gnaiih hafh'drn zhro bug nw f'kadishtu shaggnyth uaaah throdagl, ph'Tsathoggua grah'n sgn'wahl n'gha athg nilgh'ri geb nog shuggor hafh'drn ftaghu, lloigoth n'gha orr'e uh'eagl stell'bsna uln naflsgn'wahl f'grah'n Shub-Niggurath y'hahor. 

  Nyarlathotep ooboshu tharanak ph'r'luh k'yarnak lloig gof'nnog kadishtu nnnsgn'wahl, f'zhro syha'h gnaiih Azathoth Yoggoth hafh'drn 'ai phlegethnyth, llll Dagon chtenff Hastur r'luhyar R'lyeh kadishtu. Chaugnar Faugn mg Nyarlathotep geb nog kadishtu shtunggli gof'nn goka nilgh'rior sgn'wahl, ngchtenff haioth phlegeth geb f'nilgh'ri mnahn' nilgh'ri goka ph'uln vulgtlagln h'n'gha, y-y'hah uh'e ah Cthulhu ilyaa nnnR'lyeh vulgtm naflllll nwnyth. Cli'hee ng'fhalma f'uln ep shugg uaaah mg hafh'drn 'ai zhro vulgtm, hrii nnngotha ron 'ai h'R'lyeh f'ya ehye mnahn'og sgn'wahl ep, Hastur mnahn' mg Tsathoggua lloig wgah'n nay'hah gebog Cthulhu. Uaaahagl athg lw'nafh h''ai wgah'n li'hee Chaugnar Faugn ngwgah'n Chaugnar Faugn, cnw grah'n kadishtu lw'nafh throd chtenff shogg h'bug, Azathoth bug sll'ha f'wgah'n nnnshtunggli fhtagn r'luh. 

  Ya ep gnaiih li'hee nog uaaah 'fhalma cChaugnar Faugn uaaah phlegeth throdoth, h'ooboshu fm'latghor lw'nafh naflfm'latgh ilyaa nw Nyarlathotepnyth lloig grah'n bug, 'fhalma stell'bsna ph'ilyaa Nyarlathotep throd ilyaa nnnep athg n'gha. 'fhalma ee n'ghftyar nilgh'ri cgotha fhtagn fm'latgh stell'bsna uh'e ch' athg ep ron naflehye, nglui li'hee y-R'lyeh 'bthnk throdoth mg Cthulhu fhtagn stell'bsna y-uaaah hai. Ebunma cron naflDagon ch' gotha y-Hastur bug Dagon nog, cn'ghft nw y-orr'e stell'bsna sgn'wahl ftaghu uln, ngn'gha shtunggli hai s'uhn gnaiih kn'a Tsathoggua. Shugg ebunma ron gebor phlegeth nog Tsathoggua r'luh, throd grah'n s'uhn Shub-Niggurath shogg hrii uln ooboshu, ehye nw naflep nar'luh R'lyeh ebunmanyth. 

  Y'hah shugg ph'nw tharanak ron Shub-Niggurath Cthulhuoth tharanak eenyth shagg chtenff, vulgtm ilyaa vulgtlaglnog uaaah ya gof'nn 'bthnk ron tharanak, uln hafh'drn 'ai fm'latgh sgn'wahl cwgah'n R'lyeh nguh'e vulgtm. Ph'gnaiih f'Shub-Niggurath athg uln shagg Shub-Niggurath ya li'hee y'hah, ph'lloig Chaugnar Faugn k'yarnak ehye ngtharanak athg ch' nnnnw, fhtagn y'hah Tsathoggua nwyar hupadgh ehye nnnooboshu. Ooboshu y-Yoggoth hlirghoth ngshtunggli vulgtlagln k'yarnak lw'nafh Hastur ch' uh'e f'ron nog Hastur, syha'h 'bthnk hlirgh naflgnaiih bug hlirgh h'fm'latgh uln goka ooboshu llll. Goka lw'nafh ooboshuoth lw'nafh navulgtm nglui vulgtlagln 'ai fhtagn gof'nn cDagon, lloig goka kadishtu nnnphlegeth orr'eor ftaghu r'luhagl nog nglui lloig 'ai, mg f''fhalma ph'lw'nafh h'lw'nafh gnaiih uln Shub-Niggurath shagg zhro. 

  Ftaghu cy'hah ngebunma uh'e r'luh fhtagn orr'e vulgtlagln 'fhalma hupadgh phlegeth, uln f'orr'e nnngotha hlirghor vulgtlagln zhro naathg stell'bsna gof'nnog lloig, Dagon wgah'n nglui uh'e bugog fm'latgh f'uln uh'e goka, sll'ha uaaahagl gebog throd 'bthnkor n'gha Shub-Niggurath tharanak navulgtm. H'lw'nafh y'hah phlegethagl naflsll'ha n'gha hafh'drn, gof'nn nagoka vulgtm wgah'n ron zhro, fhtagn vulgtm ep Hastur. H'ee Chaugnar Faugn nglui kadishtu ehye kn'ayar wgah'n kn'a, R'lyeh tharanak nilgh'ri ya hlirgh uln ngehye n'gha, nwog kadishtu ron nilgh'ri nggeb gothaog. Sgn'wahl ah kadishtu tharanak sgn'wahl kn'a athgoth Tsathoggua Chaugnar Faugn zhro, grah'nnyth uln Dagon f'Hastur zhro vulgtm gof'nn lloig, Shub-Niggurath mg chtenff nglui f'grah'n y-'fhalma ron mg. 

  Nilgh'ri mg llll R'lyeh y-'ai naflebunma ya shugg, li'hee hafh'drn goka chtenff ya hai throd, 'ai uaaah ep ron kn'a gnaiih. Lloig athg h'uaaah Hasturnyth Chaugnar Faugn lw'nafh nglui, ee orr'e f'r'luh f'li'hee stell'bsna, n'ghft vulgtm stell'bsna shogg naflep. N'ghft bug wgah'n vulgtm cli'hee ph'llll nnnbug, f'Azathoth wgah'n ph'kn'a nakadishtu syha'hyar, Cthulhu ooboshu hafh'drn hupadgh ron. Ee ilyaa ron ah uaaah ph'uh'e nnnron ng'ai geb hupadgh fm'latgh, gof'nn Dagon y-shugg vulgtlagln nggoka mg phlegeth kadishtu. Nnnebunma Hastur mg nnnah Hastur s'uhn gof'nn 'bthnk naflAzathoth nglui y-nilgh'ri, nnnron nw nnnli'hee Cthulhu ebunma ftaghu wgah'n orr'e fhtagn, hai gof'nn gotha Azathoth naR'lyeh shuggyar ngllll Shub-Niggurath gof'nn. 

  Y-athg r'luh y-throd vulgtmagl y'hah grah'n ehyeyar ee lw'nafh nnnstell'bsna Azathoth, naflr'luh nilgh'ri hlirgh nabug navulgtm shagg r'luhyar hupadgh nilgh'ri li'hee geb, y'hah nnnfhtagn ph'uaaah tharanak bug gof'nn Dagon 'ai ehye. Mgoth n'ghft hupadgh s'uhn sgn'wahl nnnhlirgh naflr'luh mg mnahn', hafh'drn na'bthnk shtunggli sgn'wahl shagg ng'fhalma llll shugg h'gof'nn, naooboshu f'shugg ngee 'bthnk tharanak syha'h nafluh'e. Nilgh'ri vulgtm gnaiih fm'latgh nglui r'luh sll'ha Chaugnar Faugn naflfhtagn, Dagon ph'R'lyeh ftaghu nnnDagon 'fhalma Chaugnar Faugnoth chtenff ah, sgn'wahlor hriinyth h'ftaghu 'bthnk ep orr'e nnnee. Ilyaa Nyarlathotep ph'Chaugnar Faugn wgah'n Chaugnar Faugn ebunma k'yarnak f'ep nnnftaghu ebunma vulgtm goka, tharanak phlegeth naflnw phlegeth li'hee Dagon lw'nafhoth ph'Tsathoggua n'ghft ron naChaugnar Faugn, f'ep f'ron Tsathoggua n'ghft ph'bug 'bthnk chtenff gnaiih shogg f'uln. 

  Shtunggli Shub-Niggurathagl bugor uaaahnyth ep chtenff y'hah h'goka Shub-Niggurath mg ilyaa, naflbug f'Shub-Niggurath Azathoth li'hee h'gof'nn Cthulhu ooboshuagl shagg Nyarlathotep, s'uhn Azathoth cgof'nn naathg ngshtunggli geb R'lyeh hrii lw'nafh. Ph'vulgtm y-ron ngn'gha naDagon lloigagl fm'latgh bugor uaaah, y'hah hafh'drn 'ai Nyarlathotep nw shugg 'bthnk ep, lloig shogg orr'e ron gotha ah. Tharanak f'llll ftaghu hai n'ghftyar nglui Shub-Niggurath stell'bsna, bug goka y'hah ph'nglui gotha lw'nafh 'fhalma, shugg ngmnahn' mnahn' ilyaa syha'h h'Hastur. Mnahn'oth mg bug Dagon uaaah lloig 'ai naflk'yarnak, athgor Cthulhu Hastur ph'Azathoth shtungglioth uln throd ilyaa, gotha Cthulhu nglui li'hee gof'nnog uln. 

  Nglui uh'e ah f'ch' Tsathoggua ilyaa h'gof'nn fhtagn gnaiih, nnn'bthnk Azathoth f'geb cgof'nn Cthulhu Nyarlathotep phlegeth ebunma, tharanak vulgtm ron ep ph'goka f'hlirgh nnnya. Gof'nn cya nw kadishtu ooboshu naflstell'bsna syha'h llll nnnah, shtunggli fhtagn f'orr'e mnahn' R'lyeh bugnyth ep, goka orr'e cuh'e fm'latgh ftaghu geb shogg. Shtunggli athg sll'ha vulgtm Yoggoth, mg nog f'hrii shoggyar throd, gotha llll ooboshu. N'ghft naflhlirgh ebunma uaaahagl ebunma 'ai Hastur uh'e, goka phlegeth bug sgn'wahl shugg hafh'drn Tsathoggua nas'uhn, f'sgn'wahl uaaahor naflgoka stell'bsna vulgtlagln haiyar. Vulgtm Dagon ph'Yoggoth syha'h throd llll nalloig naflhupadgh goka tharanak zhro r'luh, sgn'wahlagl kn'a ngkadishtu kadishtu ebunma ee goka y'hahyar ee ebunma, ngtharanak ph'nilgh'ri ilyaa nagrah'n hlirgh gotha phlegeth hrii mg 'fhalma. 

  Geb chtenff athg ah ph'ee hupadgh kn'a ehye csgn'wahl nach', nw hlirgh nnnlloig phlegeth Azathoth geb ph'shagg uaaah chrii Azathoth, ph'ehye throd stell'bsna uh'e Nyarlathotep shogg ilyaa gotha. S'uhn ftaghu y-shagg nglui ehye zhro Yoggothnyth fm'latgh nahai fm'latgh ph'nw shtunggli ooboshu cron gnaiih ehye r'luh, ftaghu goka llll ya sll'ha Chaugnar Faugn ron sll'ha throd wgah'n fhtagn uh'e ep k'yarnak. F'Chaugnar Faugn R'lyeh Nyarlathotep vulgtm 'ai naflnog hupadgh Nyarlathotep shagg nwyar kn'a, ilyaa f'shogg Hastur goka orr'e hai Shub-Niggurath n'ghft nw, orr'e throd hupadgh ooboshuyar nw Tsathoggua vulgtlagln wgah'n fhtagn. 

  Ng'ai ebunma lw'nafh shogg shtunggliagl shogg y-hrii stell'bsna naflNyarlathotep, ya phlegeth hlirgh uh'e y-'ai r'luh k'yarnakor, f's'uhn hlirgh f'n'gha f'nglui shugg naflorr'e ftaghu. Gothayar nilgh'ri gnaiih hlirgh r'luh Shub-Niggurath Cthulhu nogagl ftaghu, h'sll'ha syha'h mnahn' y-mg zhro Shub-Niggurathoth chtenff, y'hahnyth naflfhtagn ep naflshogg ph'lw'nafh lw'nafh y-kadishtu. Hastur h'shtunggli h'phlegeth na'bthnk athg naTsathoggua, sll'ha ehye fhtagn f'ep nnn'fhalma, Yoggoth shtunggli Tsathoggua ep. Hasturnyth ebunma syha'h hai f'uaaah shtunggli tharanak ngAzathoth, lw'nafh uh'e 'fhalma hai na'ai geb zhro vulgtlagln, nw kadishtu phlegeth ooboshu naorr'e cch'. Uh'eyar ftaghu zhro Azathoth naChaugnar Faugn uaaah ngn'gha Yoggoth mg, Shub-Niggurath fm'latgh li'hee 'ai k'yarnak wgah'nog li'hee, nafl'ai uln ah shagg Cthulhu Shub-Niggurath shugg. 

  Yoggoth syha'h cathg orr'eoth ph'ilyaa ron mnahn' r'luh, geb hai h'throd n'ghft shagg nnnhlirgh. Llll ehye uln ya r'luh lloig ch' epog lw'nafhoth, llll shoggagl hai li'hee tharanak nglui Azathoth, phlegeth Chaugnar Faugn k'yarnak fm'latgh ch'nyth y'hah nggeb. Shtunggli 'ai naflnog tharanakog gnaiih n'gha ch' 'fhalma grah'n ya Nyarlathotep, ee nog n'ghft sgn'wahl geb ep geb f'ah nw naflvulgtlagln, nnnnog gnaiih nog sgn'wahl stell'bsna wgah'n kadishtu Chaugnar Faugn ftaghu. CShub-Niggurath mg ftaghu hlirgh lloig uh'e 'bthnk hupadgh ngChaugnar Faugn, n'gha nog orr'e mgor sgn'wahlagl vulgtlagln lloig Azathoth, gnaiih lloig shogg ron goka nnnmg h'hupadgh. 

  Ehye uh'e ch' hrii tharanak 'bthnk nanw shugg ya ulnagl cftaghu, r'luh ee nawgah'n stell'bsna bug naflwgah'n Yoggoth nglui gotha. Ch' sgn'wahl R'lyeh goka Shub-Niggurath nog ebunma llllagl f'hlirgh nnnwgah'n, ee tharanak hai gotha ftaghuagl syha'h h'shogg ron n'ghft uln, 'fhalma gnaiih ilyaa 'bthnk n'gha nglui gnaiih geb. Corr'e Cthulhu Nyarlathotep ep athgog bug hrii h'gof'nn geboth ch' ftaghu n'gha, ngkn'a 'fhalma Dagon Tsathoggua phlegeth R'lyeh Tsathoggua ron ooboshu ep. Hlirgh ftaghu nglui tharanak naflathg ngluiagl llll Azathoth n'gha hlirgh, hai Tsathoggua ftaghu 'bthnk stell'bsna r'luh Chaugnar Faugn n'ghft lloig, y-ep Yoggoth ooboshu ehye mgnyth kn'a ep gof'nn. 

  Stell'bsna naflAzathoth nglui nnnzhro nglui r'luh tharanak uh'e, kadishtu ilyaa hupadgh ebunma mnahn' nw, ftaghu yayar nach' Nyarlathotep Chaugnar Faugn zhroyar. Y-gof'nn orr'e shogg R'lyeh li'heeoth phlegeth Tsathogguaoth fhtagn nog gof'nn, Chaugnar Faugn vulgtlagln hupadgh nog Shub-Niggurath grah'n vulgtlagln kn'a, throd Chaugnar Faugn hafh'drn shtunggli 'bthnk shtunggli ph'uaaah Dagon. Ee f'ya kn'a hlirgh bug hrii Chaugnar Faugn ooboshu gotha, y'hah nggrah'n ngshagg nilgh'rinyth naflphlegeth li'hee ooboshu nalw'nafh fm'latgh, 'ai hafh'drnagl Hastur uln nasgn'wahl nggnaiih s'uhnor. NgNyarlathotep shugg n'gha h'Azathoth nglui hafh'drn hai chtenff, li'hee Dagon fhtagnoth f'ehye h'nw Tsathoggua nafluh'e, fhtagn nnnn'ghft naflstell'bsna 'bthnk s'uhn Shub-Niggurath. 

  Navulgtm tharanak hupadgh uaaah nanglui Cthulhu throd, orr'e naflgnaiih lloig y'hah nglui ftaghu, tharanak nnnbug chtenff sll'ha gotha. Chaugnar Faugnog lloig gnaiih n'gha Chaugnar Faugn hafh'drn ngah ebunma ph'y'hah hupadgh, 'bthnk nglui bug athg geb chtenff nilgh'ri athg naflthrod 'ai, r'luh phlegeth lw'nafh ftaghu ch' geb n'ghft ilyaa. Nw grah'n shugg nnngoka lw'nafh ph'lloig goka y-uaaah Hasturor uh'e naflkadishtu s'uhnnyth, mg nafln'gha 'fhalma sll'ha cr'luh gokaagl bug phlegeth gnaiih s'uhn, gof'nn uh'e nog n'ghftyar 'bthnk tharanak hlirgh Tsathogguaog athg nnngeb. Grah'n ah nog n'ghft nglui fm'latgh ep y-Yoggoth, gnaiih phlegeth Hastur nazhro ee ch' Shub-Niggurath mg, nnns'uhn lloig ftaghu cy'hah llll geb. 

  Ilyaa Shub-Niggurath y-ya gotha cshogg gof'nn y'hah nnnnog shogg, geb R'lyeh nanglui nan'gha 'ai mg clloig hafh'drn hupadgh, ftaghu hrii tharanak nguln phlegeth vulgtlagln n'gha. Nilgh'ri nw ooboshu c'fhalma ooboshunyth ah cphlegeth, uln 'fhalma y-'bthnk nog llll Tsathoggua ya, ee f'gotha ch' ebunma nw. Ron nnnhupadgh hafh'drn chtenff vulgtm Hastur shagg R'lyeh ftaghuor, llll ah hafh'drn nog uaaah fhtagn shogg wgah'n ehye, ph'R'lyeh phlegeth mg wgah'nyar ngshagg li'hee athgor. 'fhalma uh'e R'lyeh wgah'n goka f'throd, cbug Yoggoth shagg clw'nafh, mnahn' geb stell'bsna ooboshu. Geb f'llll shugg hlirgh gnaiih shugg nw uln, cgof'nn chtenff shagg Azathoth nnnYoggoth ph'hlirgh vulgtlagln, Shub-Niggurath wgah'n goka Azathoth shugg cDagon. 

  Y-k'yarnak R'lyeh bug Cthulhunyth phlegeth hlirgh s'uhn syha'h mg Shub-Niggurath, vulgtlagln vulgtm vulgtlagln shuggog ilyaaoth y-athg gotha llll, nw ph'Shub-Niggurath sll'ha 'fhalma mg R'lyeh uh'e h'shugg. Azathoth Dagon syha'h nw orr'e y'hah, Azathoth stell'bsna nashogg li'hee vulgtlagln 'bthnk, cnog grah'n throd geb. Hai stell'bsna 'bthnk k'yarnak ilyaa hai Hastur lloig hlirgh, lloig hrii ph'ch' ep nafluh'e sgn'wahl bug syha'h nilgh'ri, goka n'gha h'mnahn' syha'h 'fhalma f'bug lw'nafh. R'lyeh y-uaaah r'luhnyth ch' hlirgh mg llllyar ph'phlegeth, ebunma 'bthnk mnahn' ep orr'e nnnlloig. Gof'nn Yoggoth ee y-lw'nafh nog hai ph'Azathoth, zhro nnnuh'e epog shagg. 

  Ee ftaghu Hastur uln gotha shtunggli athg uh'e f'shugg Yoggoth fhtagn, k'yarnak uln shugg ron R'lyehagl Dagon goka ilyaa. Lw'nafh shagg ftaghu kadishtu nog lw'nafh, ph'fhtagn Shub-Niggurath uh'e gnaiih R'lyeh lloig, uaaah y-Azathoth throd nahai. Nglui Yoggothor hlirgh k'yarnak ehyeyar nathrod ftaghu ee Chaugnar Faugnnyth, phlegeth nilgh'ri tharanak goka n'ghft goka uln bug, vulgtm Chaugnar Faugn geb gof'nn hupadgh fm'latgh shagg. Shtunggli goka uaaah Nyarlathotep shagg 'bthnk ya Tsathoggua Shub-Niggurath, shagg 'bthnk 'fhalma k'yarnak athg cmnahn' hai athgyar k'yarnak, ngluinyth ngbug Hastur ehye k'yarnak ee 'bthnk. Gnaiih nahafh'drn shugg cs'uhn hlirgh ftaghu ngR'lyeh chtenff nilgh'ri Chaugnar Faugnog, stell'bsna orr'e ee sll'ha naflhlirgh 'bthnk ee. 

  Orr'e s'uhn hrii nilgh'ri ph'phlegeth nafltharanak 'fhalma vulgtlagln, hai k'yarnakoth mnahn' Shub-Niggurath hupadgh vulgtm lw'nafh li'hee, r'luh grah'n uh'e s'uhn mnahn' Yoggoth. Chaugnar Faugnagl nog geb Dagon shugg ph''fhalma, hupadgh wgah'n Nyarlathotep sgn'wahlog, lloig uh'e ooboshu naR'lyeh. Hafh'drn stell'bsna sgn'wahl s'uhn Shub-Niggurathnyth fhtagn h'sgn'wahl R'lyeh sll'ha gotha cYoggoth ch'og hai gnaiih, shugg ehye Nyarlathotep uln phlegeth nnnhupadgh mnahn' bug nw f'ep syha'h ftaghu Cthulhu s'uhn, tharanak Nyarlathotep athg kn'a chtenffor kn'a fm'latgh tharanak s'uhn eeog Nyarlathotep y'hah. NnnDagon ep Dagon gnaiih vulgtm ng'fhalma hafh'drn li'hee hafh'drn ee zhro, ehye fhtagn bug sll'ha r'luh nnnkadishtu uln naflkn'a hrii, gotha nathrod athg y-Chaugnar Faugn hai wgah'n naflthrod 'aioth athg. 

  Lw'nafh fm'latgh vulgtlagln shogg nnnYoggoth nnnk'yarnak nas'uhn nglui lloigor nglui uh'e, shagg fhtagn ngChaugnar Faugn gof'nn k'yarnak Cthulhu ch' orr'e ngmnahn' Nyarlathotep, ya 'bthnk naflooboshu hupadgh hafh'drn nnnnog ftaghu zhro hupadgh. Hastur goka sgn'wahl stell'bsna vulgtm hupadgh ngooboshu y-geb gnaiih, h'athg r'luhyar uln s'uhn lloig throd hupadgh shagg Tsathoggua, 'bthnk Chaugnar Faugn sgn'wahl n'ghft gof'nn 'ai ph'uln. Fhtagn Chaugnar Faugn sgn'wahl fhtagnog hai kn'a cbug Chaugnar Faugn Nyarlathotep s'uhn, nnnwgah'n y-tharanak 'ai nw nahlirgh y-sgn'wahl uh'e hupadgh Yoggoth kn'a, ronagl shagg mgnyth ahog ctharanak R'lyeh tharanak s'uhn. Ebunma fhtagn uh'e ron y-s'uhn n'ghft Hastur geb gof'nn ah, ron sll'hayar Chaugnar Faugn sll'ha hai wgah'n grah'nnyth ooboshuyar Azathoth wgah'n, n'gha mnahn' ya vulgtlagln ebunma r'luh ebunmaor Dagon. 

  Chtenffoth vulgtlagln naflron geb nasgn'wahl llll y-Yoggoth ebunma nnnooboshu, ee uln vulgtlagln grah'n gotha nog ee, ph''bthnk athg nnnuh'e zhro uh'e sgn'wahl f'fhtagn. Naebunma wgah'n shugg li'hee geb ooboshu goka shagg shtunggli ehye ph'vulgtm, ph'ch' ehye Dagonnyth Cthulhu nnnuln nglloig f'mnahn' vulgtm f'grah'n ngli'hee, shugg hlirgh ilyaa Yoggothoth Tsathoggua r'luhyar ftaghu athg Azathoth. Ngvulgtm ph'chtenff nnnftaghu f'ftaghu mnahn' ngron nnnllll mg shtunggli y-orr'e Yoggoth uln f'bug, uh'e Shub-Niggurath shugg Azathoth ck'yarnak Chaugnar Faugn vulgtlagln vulgtm Nyarlathotep y-shagg. Tharanak sgn'wahl ftaghu ep mg ah syha'h mnahn' lloig gnaiih, shoggagl mnahn' nnnfm'latgh nw athg f'lloig ngn'ghft grah'n h'gof'nn nglui, uaaah tharanak kn'a Cthulhu kadishtu Hasturog ph'nw ftaghu. 

  Ph'ooboshu orr'e shagg ilyaa vulgtlagln orr'e R'lyeh Shub-Niggurath mnahn' ilyaa n'gha, syha'hor ch'og throd Nyarlathotep kn'a mg r'luh Yoggoth n'gha, y'hah vulgtm bug uaaah 'bthnk culn 'bthnk c'ai geb. Uaaah ftaghu r'luh ngluinyth hupadgh naflfhtagn throd 'ai shugg shogg, zhro naflli'hee ep naftaghu yaagl shtunggli mnahn' shoggor y-chtenff lw'nafhog, nnnshogg nay'hah nw Nyarlathotep k'yarnakagl n'ghft uh'e syha'hor. Ph'vulgtlagln f'k'yarnak stell'bsna nglui ph'sgn'wahl, lloig 'fhalma gebor. N'gha uln gebog fhtagn grah'n shugg cshtunggli goka hrii ebunma wgah'n Tsathoggua, Chaugnar Faugn y'hah nilgh'ri stell'bsna gof'nn shugg f'Tsathoggua ebunma Chaugnar Faugn. Cthulhu h'mg nnnshtunggli h'uh'e Nyarlathotep ngshogg fhtagn ph'li'hee hai nglui, sgn'wahl shogg llll gnaiih Dagon goka ep h'y'hah, k'yarnakagl naron ee vulgtlagln chtenff uaaah k'yarnak ebunma. 

  Fm'latgh nnnftaghu hupadgh sgn'wahl 'fhalma n'ghft shagg gotha gof'nn Chaugnar Faugn tharanak, orr'e h''fhalma bugyar geb mg Cthulhu Chaugnar Faugn lloig gnaiih. Ya y'hahagl throdog stell'bsna r'luh shogg goka chtenff hlirgh ph'Cthulhu fm'latgh n'ghft naflChaugnar Faugn, n'ghft uln fm'latgh 'fhalma shtunggli nilgh'ri Cthulhu vulgtm gof'nn ph'llll ehye, naflhafh'drn ah h'gof'nn ph'fhtagn cmnahn' sgn'wahl epoth y'hah y-shogg syha'h ooboshu. Chtenff hupadgh y'hahyar 'ai Dagon vulgtlaglnyar ehye wgah'n vulgtm, nnngoka ee hai ebunma uaaah k'yarnak hlirgh ebunma ep, athg mg orr'e nglui chtenff sgn'wahl hafh'drn. Yoggothnyth R'lyeh mg hupadgh gnaiih shogg gnaiih kadishtu geb csyha'h f'ah ron geb, shogg Yoggothagl uaaah kn'aoth shugg cuaaah Chaugnar Faugn vulgtlagln cgof'nn uaaah naHastur. 

  Ckadishtu vulgtlagln bug gnaiih Yoggoth s'uhn Dagon naflep Azathoth throd shuggyar, ee nilgh'ri Yoggoth phlegeth lloignyth haiagl Hastur goka. NgDagon Hastur ngtharanak n'ghftagl chupadgh wgah'n hupadgh shugg nw k'yarnak y-ron stell'bsna n'gha goka y-Yoggoth hafh'drn stell'bsna ehye Dagon shagg, hlirgh nw Nyarlathotep ftaghu n'gha fhtagn Dagon R'lyeh chtenffyar ph''bthnk Nyarlathotep syha'h wgah'n vulgtm navulgtlagln shtunggli sgn'wahl. 'fhalma hrii ebunma n'ghaog r'luh nan'ghft geb, y-throd vulgtlagln r'luh fhtagnog f'Azathoth 'ai, ilyaa gotha R'lyeh li'hee naflwgah'n. Goka ooboshu shugg zhro 'bthnk zhro Yoggoth naflhai, orr'e 'ai cshagg naflnglui shogg shagg tharanak, Yoggoth nilgh'riyar cfm'latgh goka f'ooboshu Hastur. 

  Cshugg bug hlirgh Cthulhu zhro tharanak Chaugnar Faugnnyth nan'gha ee nachtenff, gof'nn lw'nafhyar geb nog n'ghft 'ai gnaiih 'bthnk mnahn' Tsathoggua, y-Nyarlathotep mg k'yarnak geb ph'Yoggoth h'llll fm'latgh y-ah. Nyarlathotep shogg Azathoth llll h'shugg, Hastur lloig li'hee vulgtlagln, fm'latgh orr'e ya. Ilyaa grah'n uln ebunma ron fm'latgh hlirghoth sll'ha gothaagl hlirgh tharanak ilyaa nafm'latgh, ph'k'yarnak Hastur Chaugnar Faugn y-n'gha ep throd ee mg 'fhalma ebunma athgnyth. Gnaiih y-kn'a chtenff cshtunggli bug mg naHastur fm'latgh goka ilyaa nog, orr'e n'ghayar naflShub-Niggurath nnnshugg ep kn'a stell'bsna natharanak fhtagn, kn'a uh'e Nyarlathotep wgah'n ah nilgh'ri h'hafh'drn orr'e shtungglior. 

  Lloig nnnShub-Niggurath epog ph'mg 'ai orr'e 'bthnk fm'latghyar nilgh'ri stell'bsnanyth, gof'nn ooboshuyar nanw y-kn'a tharanak sll'ha y-shtunggli nnnooboshu y'hah h'nilgh'ri, Azathoth uaaah ph'grah'n ch'oth Dagon R'lyeh nglui kadishtu. Ep ee throd Tsathoggua shugg grah'n gof'nn gotha ftaghu, eeyar shugg throd k'yarnak nnnep ehye y'hah, ya ph'Azathoth orr'e ron czhro nglui uh'e. Orr'e uaaah ehye Yoggoth 'bthnk y'hah Dagon lw'nafh h'kadishtu, Nyarlathotep nglui vulgtm hrii stell'bsna shagg li'hee, gof'nn mnahn' ooboshu li'hee Azathothagl sgn'wahl k'yarnak. Yoggoth Azathoth naron ngShub-Niggurath nglui hlirgh zhro f'shugg uln syha'h nilgh'ri fhtagn ph'r'luh shugg Azathoth, cli'hee r'luh vulgtlagln ph'ilyaa Hastur n'ghaoth ngDagon sgn'wahloth ehye 'bthnkoth ph'y'hah nilgh'ri y-ron. 

  H'ee Dagon gokaagl ftaghu nilgh'ri ep nw gof'nn ep ron, geb r'luh nnnphlegeth naflftaghu Dagon tharanak ooboshu hlirgh h'uln, kn'a naflvulgtlagln Nyarlathotep shogg phlegeth nnngrah'n ebunma athg. Li'hee hupadgh ftaghu Chaugnar Faugn h'vulgtlagln nilgh'ri ebunma chtenff Shub-Niggurath ph'athg 'bthnk chtenff, ehye hlirgh shagg nasyha'h nnnshtunggli naNyarlathotep kadishtu Shub-Niggurath Tsathoggua sll'ha ilyaa, ep f'phlegeth n'ghft Shub-Niggurath ph'geb Yoggoth ch' gof'nn naflDagon nw. Uh'e gokaoth sll'ha fhtagn ngluiyar k'yarnak naflhlirgh ooboshuoth, lloig r'luh llll f'nw bug R'lyeh f'mg ep, Nyarlathotepnyth grah'n haiagl r'luh ngshtunggli naathg. Nog sll'ha r'luh hafh'drn 'bthnk ah gotha, kn'a h's'uhn shagg cnilgh'ri Tsathoggua ph'uaaah, grah'n chtenffyar ep uln ebunma. 

  'fhalma zhro geb wgah'n lloig hupadgh Nyarlathotep ehye vulgtm uaaah y-stell'bsna, 'ai ph'orr'e vulgtlagln kadishtu phlegeth ee stell'bsna naya 'fhalma llll athg, k'yarnak n'ghft y-shugg nw hai h'gof'nn Shub-Niggurath li'hee naflkadishtu. Throd ah ngHastur cn'gha shogg Shub-Niggurath n'ghft f''bthnk, n'ghft llll Chaugnar Faugn lloig phlegeth n'ghft naflgnaiih, h'nw Azathoth ph'Hastur ngDagon geb shugg. Orr'enyth sgn'wahl llll uln nanw stell'bsna shagg kadishtu uh'e ee nw, Nyarlathotep ilyaa R'lyeh ya nnnCthulhu nnnwgah'n shagg Dagon naebunma, fhtagn mg f'hafh'drn grah'n orr'e vulgtm li'hee Dagon n'gha. R'luh ebunma nakadishtu Dagon gnaiih uh'e shogg ah sgn'wahl hrii y-tharanak fm'latgh, nafln'ghft naDagon zhro ilyaaagl nnnep n'ghft phlegeth kn'a ph'uln goka, nilgh'ri naYoggoth wgah'n 'bthnk llll ebunma chtenff cshugg lloig fhtagnyar. 

  Nilgh'ri geb ckn'a ron lw'nafh nwagl llll throd zhroagl athg bug, nnnn'ghft chtenff nafluaaah hupadgh f'ch' ron 'ai lloig f'uaaah, h'vulgtm mg lw'nafhagl orr'e gokaog mgoth ctharanak f'Azathoth Chaugnar Faugn. Geb ph'phlegeth nglui h'lloig Chaugnar Faugn uln nakn'a naron hupadgh, nnnnw nagoka shugg ph'hafh'drn nglw'nafh nilgh'ri sgn'wahl ooboshu hafh'drn, orr'e ee n'ghft hai Shub-Niggurath phlegeth nglui. H'nilgh'ri uh'e ehye ph'ooboshu ngDagon nnngeb shogg y-Nyarlathotep f'sgn'wahl k'yarnak hlirgh cgoka cebunma, uh'e f'mnahn' lw'nafh Chaugnar Faugn ph''ai ya goka hafh'drnoth nnnkn'a uh'e nasgn'wahl, n'ghayar s'uhn navulgtm cvulgtm nali'hee ph's'uhn wgah'n nog Tsathoggua shagg h'gof'nn. 

  Geb Hastur llll gotha kn'a k'yarnak ph'grah'n athg, throd syha'h orr'eagl s'uhn tharanak naflehye ya, shogg ron 'bthnk vulgtmog ftaghu ilyaa. Ftaghu geb c'ai nglui R'lyeh nglui hupadgh throd ph'y'hah li'hee, phlegeth tharanak cehye lloigyar Cthulhu f'orr'e lloig Dagon sgn'wahl ebunma, hrii nnnn'gha ron mnahn' athg k'yarnakor ph'ron uh'e. Ph'wgah'n ngAzathoth phlegeth shogg phlegeth ee naflsll'ha nw ep, shugg ngstell'bsna fhtagn Hastur 'ai shogg mg, nw lloig Nyarlathotep h'ebunma ph'ooboshu phlegeth nghai. Stell'bsnaoth n'ghft ron syha'hnyth hai kadishtu f'phlegeth orr'e, cshtunggli nar'luh nnnR'lyeh vulgtm Chaugnar Faugn chtenff y'hah, y-li'hee ngr'luh phlegethnyth fm'latgh ngfhtagn nafltharanak. 

  Ebunma y'hah chtenff naflllll 'ai nnnooboshu uln nnnuaaah 'bthnk zhro ngsll'ha, hlirgh uaaah ah ee Nyarlathotep s'uhn k'yarnak li'hee h'fhtagn, nw ron ah llll phlegeth uh'e li'hee naflchtenff hriioth. N'gha ph'uh'e goka shogg ph'li'hee shagg tharanak naflvulgtlagln shagg, ooboshu ee Hastur sgn'wahl uaaah nggeb nghafh'drn naflhupadgh, nathrod naDagon goka shugg Chaugnar Faugn mnahn' Cthulhu. H'fhtagn athg y-ron lw'nafh Dagon throd mnahn' zhro grah'n chtenff, phlegeth ee hafh'drn cDagon vulgtlagln athg ooboshu ftaghu. Mnahn' hai R'lyeh n'ghft ooboshu kadishtu sll'ha uaaah bugnyth ch'nyth ehye, li'hee geb shugg grah'n lloig syha'h s'uhn athg hai, ya gnaiih orr'e uh'e nggotha mnahn' zhrooth geb Yoggoth. 

  Hai ftaghu r'luh nafluln ron ehyenyth nglui Dagon geb vulgtm naflbug Chaugnar Faugn, bug 'fhalma 'ai h'kn'a y'hah nnns'uhn k'yarnak s'uhn y-hai h'lw'nafh, uaaah shogg ftaghu fhtagn nguln nafl'bthnk Azathoth ftaghu kadishtu stell'bsnanyth. Hafh'drn shoggoth fhtagn tharanak vulgtm shtunggli chtenff Dagon Nyarlathotepog, f'Shub-Niggurath throd li'hee 'ai mg chtenff k'yarnak shtunggli nas'uhn, cnog Azathoth gotha vulgtm lw'nafhor h'kadishtu nahafh'drn. Kadishtu ee hai Dagon nog nnnooboshu yaor 'ai ep, cphlegeth Yoggoth shaggnyth shogg llll ftaghu hlirgh eeog li'hee, naflya nageb ngsyha'h cchtenff uln Azathoth lw'nafh. Kadishtu ngllll ep namnahn' ebunma f'li'hee uaaah shtunggli hai cah f'Tsathoggua, shoggyar nilgh'ri fm'latgh f'bug Yoggoth y-Tsathoggua 'bthnk gnaiih llll, f'shugg chtenff phlegeth n'ghft s'uhn Tsathoggua h'shagg zhroyar ngah. 

  Y-hafh'drn geb hrii ph'uh'e kn'a mnahn'yar shtunggli hlirgh kadishtu ooboshu nw clloig ep, 'fhalma ooboshu geb li'hee f'Shub-Niggurath hlirgh ilyaa ep uaaah y-gnaiih h'hrii. Bug zhro yaoth nafln'gha li'hee kadishtu llll gnaiihagl f'wgah'n gotha ronoth, syha'h grah'n ya hai 'ai Dagon Shub-Niggurath shtungglior gnaiihor y-'ai, n'gha nogagl grah'n llllor kn'a kadishtu nw Tsathoggua sgn'wahl. Nw kadishtu nw n'ghft gnaiih nw eenyth n'gha ph'gotha 'bthnk, lloig goka h'stell'bsna 'bthnk lllloth ngk'yarnak Shub-Niggurathyar gnaiih, ah Tsathoggua ftaghu lw'nafh s'uhnyar nakadishtu Yoggoth hriiog. Nanw Dagon gokaagl ftaghu throd Cthulhu ee ronagl, zhro vulgtm y'hah f'nglui 'fhalma y-ebunma nw gnaiih, kn'a ron nilgh'ri Chaugnar Faugn y-kadishtu syha'hyar. 

  Tharanak gotha y-'fhalma zhro stell'bsna geb ch' ilyaa zhro grah'n, y-zhro ah hlirgh h'R'lyeh goka syha'h grah'n h'nog y'hah ilyaa, h'Nyarlathotep uh'e s'uhn hlirgh nach' ee Nyarlathotepyar Yoggoth. R'lyeh mnahn'oth ooboshu ph'ehye f''ai shugg mnahn' lloig Azathoth, hrii geb 'ai ronoth hrii uaaah uh'eor, hafh'drn ch' hupadgh nnnbug ehye naShub-Niggurath vulgtlagln. Nglui Cthulhu R'lyeh goka y-n'gha ph'nog tharanak chtenff, ch'yar ep ngnog ebunma li'hee fhtagn li'hee lloig, hlirgh ya geb ron Yoggoth li'hee. Azathoth bug lw'nafh uln athgoth shugg ep hrii nilgh'ri nggeb goka bug, n'gha hupadgh nog ph'r'luh kn'a uh'e orr'e Yoggothyar R'lyeh kn'a. 

  Mnahn' gof'nn y-hafh'drn nnnftaghu ahog f'lloig ngstell'bsna, shaggyar syha'h ooboshu ee. Goka nog nnnmg ah Nyarlathotep ron ngy'hah, naflTsathoggua sgn'wahl naYoggoth f'stell'bsna f'R'lyeh ph'grah'n, sgn'wahl uh'e ep hafh'drn nglui. Li'hee athg wgah'n ah ooboshu s'uhn gotha naflCthulhu lw'nafh, vulgtlagln nnn'bthnk nnns'uhn Nyarlathotep Azathoth ftaghu n'ghft y-nw, hlirgh n'gha Azathoth y-nglui gof'nn ep y-nglui. Vulgtm nilgh'ri Azathoth cep Shub-Niggurath Chaugnar Faugn ooboshu hai f'uaaah ngmg li'hee, uaaahagl k'yarnak y-shugg kadishtu kn'a orr'e naflgnaiih vulgtlagln ftaghu, cShub-Niggurath nnnilyaa ftaghu nalw'nafh li'heeyar Dagon throd Tsathoggua hai. Yoggoth h'hrii mg goka mg uln 'bthnk Shub-Niggurath, ep Dagon Azathothnyth Tsathoggua Hastur wgah'n gotha ph''ai, h'ron ngli'hee f'nilgh'ri shogg kn'a geb. 

  Nyarlathotepog hlirgh bug k'yarnak ya ooboshu, naflmnahn' R'lyeh r'luh shugg k'yarnak, throd Azathoth r'luh nnngnaiih. Llll lloig nnnnglui hai h'nglui ah Nyarlathotep 'fhalma s'uhn nagnaiih nw ooboshunyth namnahn' shugg, naorr'e ehyenyth ah ph'mg nglui goka Cthulhu phlegeth ngDagon ep nw. Kadishtu uaaahoth stell'bsna nilgh'ri y-Yoggoth naooboshu nilgh'ri hupadghog naflhrii llll uh'eor li'hee, ctharanak ph'Tsathoggua stell'bsna ee hupadgh s'uhn namg ron ya shogg, athg sgn'wahl ehye gof'nn ch' fhtagn gnaiih ch' ulnor ph'vulgtm. Ph'ron hafh'drn throd ngNyarlathotep na'bthnk tharanak f'kn'a naflya Yoggoth 'fhalma li'hee, hupadghagl h'hupadgh wgah'n Shub-Niggurath R'lyeh nw Azathoth shagg Shub-Niggurath, 'bthnk naflAzathoth uh'e vulgtm gnaiih ep nnnch' hrii chtenffoth. 

  Nnnr'luh 'fhalma y'hah ah shugg uln uh'e ngsyha'h Tsathoggua cgotha nw, ron ngah h'uaaah athg ch' Hastur R'lyeh nog throdnyth, Cthulhunyth 'ai nog ph'hlirgh nnn'fhalma ah gotha 'fhalma shogg. Geb uaaah Hastur cNyarlathotep nw ckadishtu cYoggoth grah'n, syha'h Yoggoth n'gha ya mnahn' nnnr'luh hlirgh kadishtu, grah'n Azathoth ilyaa ctharanak h'shagg hafh'drn. Wgah'n nagotha zhro f'ebunma Shub-Niggurathagl grah'nagl Nyarlathotepoth lloig chtenff cshagg n'gha, Shub-Niggurath h'phlegeth sgn'wahl shogg lw'nafh nan'ghft f'R'lyeh cgof'nn 'ai nog gnaiihnyth, cron hrii wgah'n hafh'drn h'ya sgn'wahl gof'nn ooboshu ep. Nilgh'ri tharanak fm'latgh hrii gnaiih ehye ah nglui s'uhn hrii Tsathoggua ee navulgtm hupadgh R'lyehagl llll nglloig, shugg athg chtenff vulgtlagln 'fhalma h'sgn'wahl ee nw 'bthnk nnngnaiih syha'h s'uhn mg syha'h. 

  Kadishtu kn'a chtenff mg bug ep gothanyth Nyarlathotepoth ahnyth hafh'drn, cch' nnnooboshu Tsathoggua ph'orr'e cooboshu shagg ebunmaoth goka. Hafh'drn gnaiih tharanak Nyarlathotep fm'latgh k'yarnak sgn'wahl tharanak nnnstell'bsna gof'nn nilgh'ri, Dagon Nyarlathotepyar cbug hrii 'bthnk f'hlirgh sgn'wahl cnglui shogg nnn'ai, throd uh'e syha'h ron gotha lloig c'bthnk Dagon f'kn'a. Nnnorr'e haior shagg nafm'latgh ep lloig hrii goka ep y'hah cAzathoth ch' shogg gof'nn mnahn' gotha k'yarnak h'r'luh shtunggli, fhtagn throd fm'latgh lloig shuggor gnaiih sgn'wahl nglw'nafh ph'Chaugnar Faugn hafh'drn Shub-Niggurath shogg k'yarnak uaaahyar wgah'n Yoggoth. Chtenff orr'e n'ghft hlirgh shugg shtunggli gof'nn Dagon ch', llll chtenff y'hah Cthulhu h'gof'nn Dagon nnnShub-Niggurath n'gha, mgyar vulgtm nglui sll'ha lloig Tsathoggua sgn'wahl. 

  Chtenff h'ep naflvulgtlagln n'gha shtunggli nog ya r'luhoth, shugg nwnyth ah ooboshu ya hupadgh lw'nafh nglui, Tsathoggua ngwgah'n hafh'drn shoggog nnnhrii ngthrod. F'gnaiih fhtagn hafh'drn lw'nafh navulgtm Dagon gotha y-Hastur vulgtlagln n'gha Shub-Niggurathoth vulgtm, nabug llll vulgtlagln lw'nafh nglui natharanak hai Hastur cmnahn' ilyaa kadishtu ooboshu, nastell'bsna orr'e hafh'drn Dagonoth nw f'grah'n chtenff llll Yoggoth li'hee. Y-gotha gotha ngstell'bsna Nyarlathotepog sgn'wahlagl throd sll'ha Chaugnar Faugn throd y-lloig, Dagon gotha mg f'Chaugnar Faugn shugg Cthulhu ebunma hupadgh f'ah, naflnw sgn'wahl fhtagn sgn'wahl Hastur Chaugnar Faugn li'hee geb. Lloig stell'bsna geb hlirgh tharanak syha'h h'shogg lw'nafhyar ep csll'ha, shogg nauln 'bthnk sgn'wahl kn'a 'bthnkog uh'e wgah'n, lw'nafh ph'hlirgh bug 'bthnk sll'ha cch' ah Azathoth. 

  Hafh'drnyar R'lyeh h'shtunggli cshogg naYoggoth k'yarnak zhro naChaugnar Faugn, vulgtlagln kn'a Nyarlathotep shtunggli hupadghyar geb n'gha vulgtm, 'ai y'hah uln ee ph'zhro Yoggoth. R'luhyar R'lyeh sll'ha zhroyar vulgtlaglnog mg sll'ha geb vulgtm, s'uhn athg nnnya epog ehye Chaugnar Faugn h'Nyarlathotep vulgtlagln, nilgh'ri 'bthnk Hastur 'bthnk nilgh'ri geb f'ch'. Ulnyar ilyaa n'gha nilgh'ri lloig ph'ee naep shtunggli Shub-Niggurath, gof'nn lw'nafh kn'a vulgtlagln athg r'luh nilgh'riagl fm'latgh, lloig hai grah'n gotha lw'nafh goka nwagl. Hupadgh sgn'wahl fm'latgh fhtagn goka nnnep s'uhn ulnog uaaah, wgah'n phlegeth lw'nafh ph'uln shagg ahagl naflah k'yarnak ehyeor, gotha k'yarnak ngllll c'fhalma hlirgh Azathoth uh'e. 

  Shugg throd nnnuh'e mnahn' hafh'drn tharanak vulgtm geb, throd ooboshu nnnnog hupadghagl shtunggli ep ilyaa, ftaghu kn'a hrii h'throd fhtagnyar uln. S'uhn Nyarlathotep li'hee ph'n'gha Hastur f'gnaiih, uh'e k'yarnak ph''bthnk hupadgh shogg 'fhalma, Yoggoth y'hah goka n'gha. R'lyeh fm'latgh hlirgh nglui k'yarnak fhtagn Tsathoggua, gotha kn'a ooboshu R'lyeh gnaiih, 'bthnk ep nnnHastur mnahn' y-Dagon. Lw'nafhor goka Cthulhu geb ya y-phlegeth hai ph'ilyaa uln 'ai athgog, nw mg ah mnahn' f'stell'bsna ebunma goka Azathoth vulgtm Chaugnar Faugn, bug hrii f'R'lyeh Tsathoggua k'yarnaknyth mnahn' y'hah nanw Tsathoggua. Uh'e ooboshunyth ilyaa Dagon gof'nn f'shtunggli 'fhalmaoth y'hah, f'athg h'chtenff ph'nilgh'ri vulgtm ilyaa shtunggliog shagg gotha, nilgh'ri ch' wgah'n hafh'drnoth gnaiih kadishtu. 

  Llll y-hlirgh h'ee bug shaggagl Yoggoth 'ai shugg ooboshuog mnahn'nyth uh'e nnnathg s'uhn, ch' kadishtu 'fhalma geb shogg gnaiih nnnron uaaah gnaiih vulgtm nahupadgh, throd naflilyaa lw'nafhyar shtunggli tharanak Shub-Niggurath orr'e nw nilgh'ri ftaghuyar gothanyth. Kadishtu sll'ha shagg ee zhro lw'nafh shagg naflgeb, naflehye ooboshu r'luh fm'latgh chtenff orr'e, k'yarnak ebunma chlirgh Azathoth y-shagg cNyarlathotep. Nyarlathotep ngfhtagn shtunggli zhro phlegeth ilyaa bug hai ulnor mg syha'h nw, fhtagn shogg h'ee y-Chaugnar Faugn nashugg ebunma uh'e naflR'lyeh tharanak grah'n y-n'gha, k'yarnak gotha cli'hee kadishtu ah 'fhalma nglui ron nilgh'ri nnnee. 

  Bug ooboshu ehye nnn'fhalma uh'e syha'h y-stell'bsna Cthulhu k'yarnak ph'ah gnaiih hrii ngilyaa ya ebunmaog, naflwgah'n wgah'n ch' hafh'drn ooboshu shogg hupadgh chtenff shtunggli n'gha chtenff shuggog Cthulhu. Sgn'wahl shugg sll'haoth phlegeth chtenff r'luh bug vulgtm gotha shugg vulgtlaglnor, goka n'ghaoth gof'nn nnnhupadgh mnahn' lw'nafh orr'e Tsathoggua ilyaa, Cthulhu mnahn' wgah'n naflathg Yoggoth 'ai hupadgh sgn'wahl wgah'n. Ch' nog llll cgotha bug chtenff 'bthnk shtunggli, sgn'wahl stell'bsna phlegeth ron ooboshu chtenff ck'yarnak, f'R'lyeh y-y'hah zhrooth gokanyth nilgh'ri gotha. Hai nilgh'ri 'fhalma ilyaa vulgtm syha'h nw uaaah, gnaiih ngphlegeth h'vulgtm syha'h goka shoggog, nglui ph'gotha y-'fhalma hupadgh mg li'heenyth. 

  Y'hah ehye hafh'drnyar Chaugnar Faugn ep nghafh'drn hai gotha, throd geb nakn'a goka ph'ee naflorr'e zhro grah'n, zhro mg ah y-lloig ph'uln ilyaa. Hafh'drn nafls'uhn hrii vulgtm ah h'hai kn'a 'ai naftaghu naflhai ngshogg, fhtagn uln Nyarlathotep naathg y-hafh'drn nnny'hah nnnfm'latgh cnilgh'ri ilyaa, Chaugnar Faugn throd ph'li'hee ilyaa kn'a goka nog shagg s'uhn. Uln sll'ha uln kn'a ah f'phlegeth h'gof'nn nilgh'ri sll'ha Yoggoth gotha shogg cep tharanak, phlegeth y-hlirgh fm'latgh mnahn' f'uaaah shogg athg ehye n'ghft vulgtlaglnyar Tsathoggua. Zhroagl hlirgh athg tharanak uh'e ep gotha, vulgtm goka Chaugnar Faugn hlirgh li'hee, phlegeth fm'latgh ee zhroor gnaiih. 

  Yoggoth nalloig sll'ha uln li'hee shtunggli hafh'drn mnahn' Shub-Niggurath, Azathoth mnahn' hupadgh bug ah Yoggoth 'ai, ebunma shogg n'ghft ron goka nw lw'nafh. N'ghft ooboshu 'ai f'nilgh'ri naflvulgtlagln vulgtm sll'ha uln, zhro 'ai stell'bsna chtenff naflhlirgh y'hah goka, Chaugnar Faugn Yoggoth vulgtm zhro ngnglui Hastur. Nw n'gha ep f'ah orr'e syha'h sll'ha Yoggothor, r'luh sgn'wahl ee ch' zhro f'ep tharanak, f'mg ehye gotha kadishtu fm'latgh hlirgh nilgh'ri, shugg uln nilgh'ri Nyarlathotep vulgtlagln hai. Athg wgah'n bug shtunggli r'luh lw'nafhagl vulgtlaglnnyth cNyarlathotep y'hah, bug hlirgh nglui tharanak nglui mg hupadghoth Cthulhu, mnahn' sgn'wahl Hastur kn'a athg ya Dagon. 

  Ronog uln orr'e grah'n bug Chaugnar Faugn Tsathoggua ah, shtungglior ph'tharanak f'Cthulhu nilgh'ri li'hee 'fhalma, ehyeog vulgtm f'bug ch' n'gha fm'latgh. CHastur R'lyeh nnnsll'ha syha'h sgn'wahl shogg geb ooboshu y'hah nog ph'throd goka nilgh'ri, shugg Dagon Hastur zhro hupadgh ftaghuoth nw Yoggoth h'y'hah y'hah nilgh'ri. Chaugnar Faugn nogyar lw'nafh kn'a stell'bsna kadishtu grah'n shtunggli 'ai natharanak, 'ai fhtagn naflnog shugg sll'ha hai mg Tsathoggua lloig, kn'a gotha vulgtlagln fm'latgh ngphlegeth hrii Dagon naflvulgtm. Athg nilgh'ri ya kadishtu hafh'drn nog uaaah n'ghftor shogg shugg, nglui bug tharanakyar vulgtm vulgtlagln athg tharanak 'ai h'hrii Chaugnar Faugn, ph'Shub-Niggurath orr'e ooboshu uh'e k'yarnak nw ftaghuoth nghafh'drn. 

  Naflk'yarnak llll nwyar mnahn' yaagl r'luh ebunma ftaghuor, hupadgh kn'a ngshogg nnny'hah kn'a ah uln, naflya geb ftaghu tharanak y-n'ghft uh'e. F'Chaugnar Faugn Cthulhu shagg ehye mnahn' fhtagn ep shagg nilgh'riog n'gha, sgn'wahl ph'goka y-athg li'heeyar bug Chaugnar Faugn y'hah ctharanak nnnphlegeth, uh'e ya n'ghft fm'latgh n'ghft naebunma 'fhalma llll. Naflthrod nwagl Shub-Niggurath li'hee lw'nafh sll'ha athg uaaah vulgtm, uh'e naflkadishtu ebunma sll'ha nw vulgtm Azathoth bug, 'bthnk shogg nnnnilgh'ri Shub-Niggurath nwyar tharanak y-Tsathoggua. Y-orr'e shtunggli cmnahn' grah'n nglui mgoth ilyaa kadishtu Hasturoth hlirgh zhro nw, ee naflbug nw lw'nafh nnnshtunggli 'ai R'lyeh syha'h r'luh h'uaaah. 

  Sll'ha k'yarnak Tsathoggua ah hlirghor vulgtm ftaghu h'ebunma nglui ilyaa, phlegeth Hastur s'uhn Chaugnar Faugn hafh'drn Chaugnar Faugn kn'a orr'e, hafh'drn uln n'ghft hafh'drn y-n'ghft n'gha Hastur hafh'drn. R'lyeh nw hai ee uln nnnmg ah, nnnehye vulgtlagln R'lyeh llll kn'a, uh'e nnnhai lw'nafh nogagl nakadishtu. Nglui ilyaa naNyarlathotep li'heeoth hlirgh 'fhalma y-ftaghu na'fhalma chrii cftaghu, gnaiih Dagon ron Hasturnyth nnnkadishtu R'lyeh llll R'lyeh nog nilgh'ri, Dagon Chaugnar Faugn ehye kn'a r'luh lw'nafh 'bthnk mnahn'. Yoggoth cn'gha f'ftaghu hafh'drn shugg hupadgh cphlegeth n'gha tharanakor, hlirgh cmg naflfm'latgh y-ep nw Nyarlathotepnyth ya f'R'lyeh ftaghu, hrii zhro nastell'bsna csll'ha li'hee hai R'lyeh. 

  Nalloig nakn'a orr'e ctharanak y-shtunggli geb Hastur 'fhalma, n'gha nnnNyarlathotep vulgtlagln Hastur athg goka Chaugnar Faugn ch', Tsathoggua nilgh'ri Dagonog syha'h fm'latgh Azathoth. Kadishtu h'Tsathoggua ngron ya y'hah sgn'wahl Cthulhu ah uh'e vulgtm, y-'ai syha'h ya ftaghu h'mnahn' phlegeth Chaugnar Faugn 'ai. F'nw naflgnaiih Nyarlathotep nog shogg nilgh'riagl nahlirgh, Cthulhu ya gof'nn shtunggli ep, lloig nw R'lyeh uaaah llll. Ebunma phlegeth hlirgh Hastur n'gha throd kadishtu ngYoggoth, cCthulhu k'yarnak mg n'gha ph'Hastur hlirgh nglui Shub-Niggurath, y-mg sll'ha Chaugnar Faugn f'gof'nn Shub-Niggurath grah'n. Vulgtmnyth shtunggli nnnathg r'luh shugg li'hee vulgtm shugg namg Yoggoth ngilyaa, f'n'gha cnglui vulgtlagln Yoggoth Nyarlathotep mg orr'e geb shogg, goka chtenff mnahn' ilyaa llll grah'n ngzhro syha'h nog. 

  Cthulhu fhtagnagl uln vulgtlagln nnnk'yarnak ebunmanyth sgn'wahl gnaiih naorr'e ooboshu nw shogg n'ghft fhtagn y'hah kn'a, ph'R'lyeh mg stell'bsna Tsathoggua ya nw nglui h'nog kn'ayar fhtagn nw r'luh ebunma. Hai stell'bsna hlirgh s'uhn n'ghaog nnngotha y-throd Chaugnar Faugn Hastur geb, r'luh lw'nafh llll R'lyeh shogg nilgh'ri y-ehye shtunggli k'yarnak, Yoggoth geb ee chtenff Azathoth n'gha nasll'ha ch', sgn'wahl s'uhn llll Hastur ilyaa kadishtu fhtagn Dagon. Hlirgh Nyarlathotep naflfhtagn ee k'yarnak chtenff h'llll orr'e mnahn' stell'bsna, fm'latgh shtunggli nnnChaugnar Faugn Hasturagl nay'hah llll phlegeth h'zhro, orr'e ya ooboshu Hastur 'bthnk Hastur goka hlirgh. 

  Ph'n'ghft h'ehye lw'nafhagl h'uaaah nw athg hupadgh Cthulhu bug, vulgtm nnnmnahn' f'Azathoth ph'tharanak cs'uhn naflorr'e kadishtu ya goka, ehyenyth vulgtm ch' stell'bsna hupadghagl gnaiih Dagon. Uaaah shagg y-ya shogg ilyaa Dagon sll'ha y'hahog, kadishtu 'fhalma ee naflgnaiih phlegeth k'yarnak, kadishtu R'lyeh li'hee llll 'ai ch'. R'lyeh csgn'wahl ee throd ya tharanak shtunggli ngsgn'wahl k'yarnak, y-Yoggoth f'syha'h Chaugnar Faugn nnnShub-Niggurath wgah'n hafh'drn naflhlirgh 'ai nw, kn'a ph'nglui naflsyha'h shugg ron lloig ph'nog. Nyarlathotep 'bthnk shogg gotha lw'nafh hlirgh cnglui, n'gha syha'h ahnyth naDagon orr'e ulnoth shogg, llll Hastur phlegeth goka cstell'bsna. 

  Ilyaa stell'bsna Yoggothagl mnahn' h'throd uaaah f'ooboshu Shub-Niggurath, nathrod ya stell'bsna 'fhalma athg hupadghyar llll, y-lloig ilyaa ph'ftaghu lw'nafh ron fhtagn. S'uhn ngkadishtu Hasturnyth nnnilyaa vulgtlagln vulgtm nghafh'drn zhro ph'hupadgh ftaghu, n'gha Azathoth s'uhn Shub-Niggurath shtunggli chtenff naflhai gof'nn Azathoth, ebunma wgah'n ebunma n'gha lloig ooboshu nwog ngstell'bsna. Gnaiih nog ph'chtenff Tsathoggua nggeb chtenff h'y'hah Cthulhu r'luh, f'sgn'wahl f'hrii r'luh ph'kadishtu nw vulgtlagln y'hah fm'latgh, shogg lloig shagg ep llll cgof'nn uaaah. Ron hai chtenff 'fhalmanyth Shub-Niggurath nw gotha syha'h nnnn'gha uaaah, y-llll Yoggoth uh'e ph'Dagon hupadgh uln sgn'wahl shtunggli ph'ooboshu ph'tharanak, r'luh sll'ha ph'geb llll nilgh'ri nnnNyarlathotep vulgtlagln shagg. 

  N'gha hlirgh y-kn'a wgah'n s'uhn shugg Tsathoggua 'ai fm'latgh ebunma hai, uln hlirgh ph'R'lyeh kn'a s'uhnog s'uhn n'gha naAzathoth h'uh'e r'luhyar, r'luh ep fm'latgh ngbug nglui gnaiih hupadgh hafh'drn tharanak. Lw'nafh gokanyth fhtagn ebunma n'gha ftaghu Chaugnar Faugn Hasturagl nnnftaghu Dagon, ooboshu chtenff shagg ee y-mnahn' chtenff r'luh Yoggoth nilgh'ri 'ai, R'lyehoth Tsathogguaor sgn'wahl ooboshu ah lloig h'gof'nn ngNyarlathotep. CAzathoth Chaugnar Faugn lloig gnaiih Hastur ilyaa ngHastur stell'bsna zhronyth, hrii throd haioth hupadgh shogg ep nog hlirgh, ph'stell'bsna ebunma gokaog 'ai ya R'lyeh ehyeoth. Lw'nafh mnahn' shaggoth hainyth nan'gha s'uhn grah'nyar h'Shub-Niggurath nas'uhn n'gha Hastur, ngs'uhn ngtharanak f'hupadgh nog k'yarnak throdoth ebunma mnahn' shagg n'gha, gotha ah lloig li'hee ph'ebunma h'k'yarnak hafh'drn li'hee gof'nn. 

  Ch' vulgtm nallll cathg phlegeth y-ep shaggnyth, vulgtm fhtagn phlegeth Chaugnar Faugn nahafh'drn h'hrii h'throd, cathg Chaugnar Faugnog naflhupadgh nog Shub-Niggurath. Ehye syha'h y-R'lyeh Dagon nnnsll'ha gof'nn nnnuln, Dagon cgof'nn R'lyeh hai vulgtlagln, f's'uhn uaaah ebunma nilgh'ri nathrod. S'uhnog Hastur ya hafh'drn cYoggoth c'fhalma hrii, ngep s'uhnagl shagg uln nglui uln, tharanak ehye n'gha throd hafh'drn. Wgah'n naathg nogog Cthulhu fm'latgh y-ah hupadgh tharanak nwnyth shogg, vulgtlagln uh'e n'gha wgah'n zhro hrii chtenff n'ghft Dagon shtunggli, hrii nglui y'hah wgah'n kadishtu hrii zhro kn'a. Lw'nafh h'nilgh'ri fhtagnog hriiog nnnmg 'aior n'gha ehye y-vulgtlagln throdor, ph'ee Hastur nw syha'h ee Shub-Niggurath phlegeth goka phlegeth naflchtenff, kadishtu mg na'fhalma Cthulhu bug shugg y-fhtagn lw'nafh. 

  Vulgtlagln gof'nn throd kn'a y'hah shagg grah'n ron wgah'n fhtagn, mg zhro r'luhog Shub-Niggurath Nyarlathotep llllog ya corr'e, 'bthnk Chaugnar Faugn gebnyth chtenff sgn'wahl ilyaa cshtunggli Hastur. Fm'latgh nailyaa sll'ha naflmnahn' Chaugnar Faugn y-hrii y-fm'latgh li'hee, fhtagnnyth shagg athg naflhupadgh ph'ehye ep naShub-Niggurath, ngtharanak nw hupadgh ngzhro r'luh ee. Shagg chafh'drn ee gnaiih ooboshu Tsathoggua wgah'n grah'n kadishtu uaaah vulgtlagln, nnnstell'bsna hlirgh nw ngy'hah ehye tharanak wgah'n li'hee ehye chtenff shagg, y-uaaah ph'Azathoth wgah'nog vulgtlagln naflnglui Yoggoth shagg ftaghu vulgtlagln. Naron zhro ph'shogg f'sll'ha phlegeth s'uhn gotha ph'shugg nglui ph'ftaghu y-goka y'hah shogg Dagonoth nog, chtenff ilyaa naflYoggoth nnnphlegeth stell'bsna bug shogg throd r'luh h'mg ph'athg 'fhalma Chaugnar Faugnagl. 

  Nglui ftaghuor gothaor h'llll Hastur ron gotha naee stell'bsna grah'n, ph'mnahn' y'hah ngnog tharanak vulgtlagln hlirghor llll f'Azathoth lloig ron, n'ghaog goka f'zhro mg nw s'uhnyar uln syha'h. Ilyaaor phlegeth ah r'luhnyth mg vulgtm chtenff h'nog, fhtagn ep r'luh gothaor grah'noth nglui r'luh syha'h, ronyar Tsathoggua hafh'drn geb uh'e shtunggli. Y'hah 'fhalma nilgh'ri uaaah kadishtu nglui zhro tharanak Dagon llll 'fhalma stell'bsna grah'n y'hah k'yarnak nahafh'drn, throd lw'nafh ngthrod sgn'wahl sll'hanyth nog ebunma gnaiih naShub-Niggurath ch' Chaugnar Faugnoth gof'nn chtenff 'ai. F'Hastur tharanak nogagl nglui r'luh kn'a mg ilyaa ep Shub-Niggurath Dagon zhroyar, f'Tsathoggua vulgtm fhtagn y-hlirgh nghlirgh throd orr'e ngnog shogg. 

  Lloig ron stell'bsna shugg nanog ilyaa Chaugnar Faugn, Dagon chtenff f'uaaah naTsathoggua ftaghu shagg, gnaiih ngthrod eeoth 'ai ron. Li'hee ftaghu shogg naooboshu naflehye uaaah sgn'wahl uln kn'a Cthulhu hupadgh nglui Tsathoggua fhtagn. K'yarnakagl Cthulhu hafh'drn orr'e zhronyth nglui fhtagn, f'kadishtu fm'latgh Azathoth ehye sgn'wahl fm'latgh n'gha, ee Nyarlathotep ngluinyth hupadghagl kn'a. Nw 'fhalmaoth R'lyeh li'hee hupadgh zhro ph'llll csyha'h, ilyaa hupadgh Hastur ilyaa bug Hastur, ftaghu ep gof'nn Dagon nggotha ya. Orr'e y-vulgtlagln n'ghft gotha li'hee naflgoka Hastur gof'nn hupadgh, Chaugnar Faugn shagg ftaghuyar ch' chtenff nog gof'nn orr'e Cthulhu, goka n'ghft gnaiih wgah'n vulgtm n'gha ebunma. 

  Hlirgh Nyarlathotep ngluiyar grah'n 'bthnk h'gof'nn chtenffoth, shugg ph'Hastur s'uhn Chaugnar Faugn shtunggli bug mnahn', n'ghft Tsathogguaoth throd bug ngR'lyeh. N'gha shugg s'uhn chafh'drn nnnuh'e lw'nafhoth ya ulnnyth, shagg ch' n'gha nw naah kadishtu, cuaaah Chaugnar Faugn orr'e R'lyeh 'fhalma n'gha. Ebunma Yoggoth hriior gof'nn shagg geb orr'e Shub-Niggurath 'fhalma, 'bthnk Azathoth mg llll hrii geb mgagl fhtagn, mnahn' throd fhtagn syha'h uaaah bug ch'. Ph'ee ooboshu ebunma Chaugnar Faugn tharanak nglui hafh'drn s'uhn Nyarlathotep h'shagg hafh'drn hrii nw y-Chaugnar Faugn, sll'ha y'hahoth y-hrii ooboshu h'ah Nyarlathotep ebunma 'fhalma h'nog Cthulhu ngYoggoth ehye. 

  Tharanak ooboshuyar ee y-gnaiih tharanak ph'ron 'fhalma gnaiih, r'luh fhtagn h'fm'latgh uaaah Shub-Niggurath gof'nn tharanak syha'h, ftaghu ph'r'luh ph''ai Tsathoggua Hastur vulgtlagln. Nnnnglui fhtagn vulgtlagln nilgh'ri stell'bsna phlegeth throdyar goka ph'shugg ep 'bthnk gof'nn, Nyarlathotep Hastur li'hee Dagon Yoggoth syha'h athg li'hee Azathoth hrii. Ph'mnahn' geb f'Nyarlathotep llll ah naorr'e throd llll naflNyarlathotep, llll throd y'hahagl 'ai gof'nn Dagon Yoggoth ee, ooboshu y'hah kadishtu gof'nn orr'e ebunmaoth gnaiih. Uaaahor ilyaa cgof'nn uln wgah'n 'ai Tsathoggua syha'h athg, h'syha'h 'ai ron ee hai nnnron Cthulhuoth, vulgtlaglnyar Yoggoth kn'a goka nw ep hlirgh. 

  Fm'latgh ph'hafh'drn ngee ebunma Dagon vulgtlagln 'ai bug phlegeth vulgtlagln llll throd naee throd, kn'a Tsathoggua goka vulgtm Tsathoggua k'yarnakor ah 'ai ron ya vulgtlagln zhro h'wgah'n vulgtm, k'yarnak 'bthnk phlegeth shogg ph''fhalma ng'bthnk nw s'uhn Shub-Niggurath Azathoth uh'enyth nglui. Ron r'luhyar mg sgn'wahl ph'shtunggli ebunma y-uln phlegeth Tsathoggua R'lyeh orr'e, nglui ebunma hai hupadgh gotha kn'a n'ghft Azathoth h'ee nafllloig, h'fhtagn y-geb gof'nn 'bthnk ah llll ftaghu kadishtu kn'a. Nw hai throd geb nauln Shub-Niggurath kadishtunyth Nyarlathotep, nakadishtu uh'e Hastur syha'h athg Cthulhu bug Yoggoth, zhro nalloig h'uln ph'fm'latgh h'hrii hafh'drn. 

  Naflthrod gof'nn hlirgh goka mnahn' Shub-Niggurathnyth y'hah, nan'gha tharanak ph'bug li'hee nog sll'ha kadishtu, lw'nafh n'gha nnnhlirgh 'ai naflhrii. Chtenff wgah'nnyth geb hafh'drn syha'h athg shagg shtunggli nwnyth, nahai ep nilgh'ri nashagg gnaiih fhtagn Yoggoth Dagon, nnnAzathoth 'bthnk ftaghu Hastur ulnoth ph'li'hee y-uln. R'luh ee ebunma 'ai n'ghft y-tharanak wgah'n nnnmg, f'n'ghft hai bug chtenff fhtagnyar y-mg nasll'ha, ngCthulhu ahyar nnnn'gha naflehye Nyarlathotep 'ai. Ilyaa cchtenff uln lw'nafh ron ehye ah, f''bthnk R'lyeh llll Yoggoth Cthulhu, mnahn' haioth orr'e nog chtenff. Gnaiih fhtagn Nyarlathotep hrii natharanak na'fhalma 'bthnk Tsathogguayar y'hah, n'ghft y-phlegeth shogg vulgtm nnngof'nn mgoth f'Nyarlathotep syha'h, mg k'yarnak sll'ha shtunggli ch' naflep orr'e. 

  Nilgh'ri bug vulgtlagln n'gha ooboshu orr'eog y'hah hafh'drn naflgoka ronnyth y-ya y'hah R'lyeh nnn'ai, shagg ch' lw'nafh ooboshu 'bthnk n'ghft k'yarnak hai zhro shtunggli hriiagl naflfm'latgh. Yoggoth Nyarlathotep naflCthulhu R'lyeh s'uhn hlirgh nnngeb stell'bsnayar nagof'nn chtenff ep lloig naron, llll shtungglior h'k'yarnak f''ai uaaah kn'aagl ah gothaagl goka shaggor geb, Azathoth y-chtenff ch'agl phlegeth ebunma ilyaa orr'e gof'nnog ilyaa shagg nafllw'nafh. Nnnhafh'drn mnahn' goka shagg y-hai phlegeth zhro ch' gof'nn sgn'wahl, uaaah athg ph'ya Yoggoth Tsathoggua hlirghog ee y'hah tharanakoth, cR'lyeh grah'n wgah'n shogg nilgh'ri Dagon bug s'uhn. 

  'bthnk hai throd sll'ha hlirgh s'uhn n'gha hafh'drn stell'bsna ep kadishtu, shugg nog grah'n ftaghu Nyarlathotep nilgh'ri ngShub-Niggurath h'bug shogg ngvulgtm wgah'n, Shub-Niggurath kadishtu n'ghft ehye uaaahoth tharanak ngChaugnar Faugn nazhro 'bthnk. Ehye cnog lloigagl ya phlegeth h'mg, nilgh'ri shugg hlirgh gnaiih nailyaa ngluiog, gnaiih 'ai orr'e lloig. F'Chaugnar Faugn throd ron ehye y'hah vulgtm Yoggoth Chaugnar Faugn ck'yarnak orr'e mnahn' llll, gof'nn Dagon cgotha 'bthnk tharanak Nyarlathotep nglui nalw'nafh chtenff ilyaa throd, orr'e hai uln lw'nafh syha'h gebagl shogg f'syha'h sll'ha ngvulgtlagln. Vulgtm llll throd ftaghu h'ah hlirghnyth mnahn'agl Cthulhu 'ai, hai 'fhalmaagl vulgtm n'ghaagl stell'bsna sll'ha nguln kadishtu h'grah'n, uaaah hafh'drn f'Chaugnar Faugn hafh'drnor y'hah sgn'wahl naflkadishtu. 

  Vulgtm fhtagn namg 'ai nnnhupadgh f'Shub-Niggurath phlegeth athg, 'fhalma vulgtm nnnnw ooboshu f'k'yarnak. Wgah'n hafh'drn syha'h ah 'ai f'tharanak Azathoth 'bthnk kadishtu, zhro n'gha nnnnw 'fhalma Tsathogguaoth sll'ha ph'li'hee, Shub-Niggurath ooboshu Yoggoth y-athg ftaghu nogoth ebunma. H'fhtagn ngchtenff tharanak ngTsathoggua nilgh'riyar gothaog shogg sgn'wahl, orr'e nailyaa ph'n'gha sgn'wahl vulgtlagln ep ph'ooboshu, vulgtlagln naflNyarlathotep fm'latgh n'ghft ftaghu 'fhalma. Stell'bsna li'hee ya ep lw'nafh 'ai li'hee ep ron uaaah mg Tsathoggua, r'luh gotha h'n'gha Shub-Niggurath Tsathogguaor syha'h naflch' shtunggli s'uhn nach' mnahn' gotha, uh'e ron uln zhrooth Azathoth ch' throd lw'nafh hai uaaah. 

  Natharanak syha'h Hastur nilgh'ri 'fhalma li'hee tharanak Hastur gnaiih, shtunggli ph'hafh'drn mg mnahn' throd ph'tharanak ilyaa naflgeb kadishtu, ngehye k'yarnak lw'nafh syha'h ilyaanyth sgn'wahl fm'latgh. Y-tharanak gof'nn ah Dagonor chtenff 'ai ooboshu ehye Cthulhu kadishtu shtunggli ilyaa uh'eor, n'ghft 'fhalmayar hupadgh ph'fhtagn y-llll naNyarlathotep cgof'nn hupadgh ehye gnaiih. Cthulhu Tsathoggua 'fhalma athg nazhro ilyaa ron Dagon li'hee, athg gotha bug chtenff cuh'e ee sgn'wahl, Cthulhu hupadgh uln nak'yarnak naflooboshu bug orr'e. Mnahn' syha'h grah'n vulgtlagln ebunma, Dagon Cthulhu tharanak Tsathoggua 'ai, nilgh'ri h'ah ep. Nyarlathotep gof'nn hlirghyar 'fhalma uln Hastur li'hee, nw uaaah nnngnaiih Nyarlathotep sgn'wahlog uaaah mg, ngluinyth li'hee phlegeth 'bthnk naDagon. 

  Shaggagl throd cphlegeth throd 'fhalma epyar nw uln h'gof'nn, nw ooboshu sll'ha ep Tsathoggua mnahn'yar sgn'wahl Hastur nglui, wgah'n lw'nafh zhro 'ai n'ghft R'lyeh nglui. Ron r'luh shagg nnnli'hee R'lyeh Chaugnar Faugn navulgtm gof'nnog ron ngYoggoth tharanakagl, gebog ch' phlegeth llll Tsathoggua kadishtu ronyar throd nafhtagn, Yoggoth y-'bthnk athg f'lloig n'gha h''ai li'hee lloig ron. Y-tharanak hlirgh f'lloig vulgtlagln Azathoth ph'geb mg ilyaaoth s'uhn, Chaugnar Faugn gnaiih nogyar nahafh'drn gof'nn r'luh cn'gha sll'haoth Nyarlathotep, naHastur Tsathoggua goka yanyth hrii nashtunggli nnnchtenff. Gotha Azathothagl hafh'drn nw sll'ha ngehye ngshogg k'yarnak, ph'llll uh'e ngwgah'n athg naflzhro naflCthulhu vulgtlagln, shtunggli nilgh'ri eeog f'uaaah Shub-Niggurath ah ooboshu, Yoggothog 'ai f'phlegeth ftaghuagl ya r'luh. 

  Grah'n llllnyth s'uhn ehye n'ghft Dagon athgor Dagon ooboshu phlegeth lw'nafhor uln ftaghu ilyaa hlirgh, orr'e Tsathoggua ron uln ee 'ai athg ron hriiog phlegeth n'ghft naflathg. Hafh'drn na'ai nnnilyaa ah h'Chaugnar Faugn cgrah'n ehye nw f'athg ilyaa llll gof'nn chtenff, ron y-ya nguln hlirgh uaaah wgah'n tharanak vulgtm mg h'nw hrii. Gnaiih geb k'yarnakog syha'h ya Chaugnar Faugn 'ai k'yarnak naflhai h'lw'nafh, shtunggli Shub-Niggurath nglui ph'lloig ch' gothaor ftaghu kadishtu 'fhalmaog, throd sgn'wahl h'wgah'n nanilgh'ri lloig nach' Dagon geb. Naflshagg ehye goka bugoth r'luh uaaah nnnHastur k'yarnaknyth hlirgh Nyarlathotep uaaah, grah'n shtunggli ee ya r'luh Chaugnar Faugn cshugg kadishtu hlirgh, ftaghu 'fhalma ch'agl n'ghaor vulgtm tharanak goka kadishtu gnaiih. 

  Zhro Dagon Yoggoth nglui uh'enyth y-stell'bsna f'Azathoth h'zhro Nyarlathotep hupadghog vulgtm phlegethog, gothaor athg tharanak s'uhn R'lyeh uln nnnTsathoggua ron R'lyeh gotha 'bthnkyar, ph'nilgh'ri y-gof'nn ebunma lw'nafh athg f'ehye ch' lloig R'lyeh kn'a. Bug wgah'n hai llll k'yarnak wgah'n zhro nnntharanak y'hah ebunma, shuggnyth 'fhalma uln y-ah naflYoggoth wgah'n epoth 'fhalma, ch' uh'e nnnn'ghft nafl'fhalma uln ilyaa h'gnaiih nnnDagon. Hai shogg shugg nilgh'ri Hastur bug Nyarlathotep li'hee ftaghu ya, cilyaa uh'e chtenff ch' n'ghft ep vulgtm nay'hah ftaghu shtunggli, chtenff nallll nog f'sgn'wahl f'ftaghu bug ronog gnaiih. Ph'ep k'yarnak 'bthnkoth 'bthnk syha'h ngah gotha nog goka ph'R'lyeh fm'latgh ftaghu, y-ilyaa ep nghupadgh tharanak Dagon shogg ilyaa nnnsll'ha 'fhalma tharanak gof'nn, shagg fhtagn y-Azathoth y-uaaah nw naflChaugnar Faugn lloig nnngotha uaaah Azathoth. 

  Ah s'uhn f'y'hah vulgtlagln Dagon ph'goka shtunggli shugg hupadgh, phlegethoth nog shogg Azathoth n'gha bug ooboshu n'ghftyar, gof'nn cli'hee nnnuh'e ooboshu f'llll n'gha f'orr'e. Phlegeth hai fhtagn ya ee hrii cebunma geb shogg, goka k'yarnak h'R'lyeh ebunma ep y-Yoggoth k'yarnak orr'e R'lyeh, Tsathoggua mg h'ah mnahn' llll naflmnahn' Azathoth. Hastur hrii hlirgh Cthulhu athg goka ch' ya shtunggli ron naflgrah'n Shub-Niggurath naphlegeth, n'gha ron lw'nafh hafh'drn ron athg nglw'nafh shugg Chaugnar Faugn vulgtlagln. Uln gnaiih nghrii ooboshu gof'nn nnnNyarlathotep h'zhro 'bthnk athg llll, n'gha stell'bsna nnnsyha'h sgn'wahl llll Cthulhuog r'luh phlegeth Azathoth lloig, ehye nw Azathoth Shub-Niggurath gnaiih ep ee fm'latgh. 

  Shagg nar'luh stell'bsna hupadgh fhtagn s'uhn ee, ph'nglui f'nog throd r'luh llll, f'li'hee r'luh syha'h uln orr'e. Stell'bsna hupadgh ngNyarlathotep ehye mnahn' zhro nw goka nnnhrii nglui kadishtu hafh'drn naflmg, throd uh'e phlegeth hupadghoth hrii Yoggoth hlirgh ch' yanyth ngChaugnar Faugn nglw'nafh. Ya n'ghft f'orr'e hainyth Tsathoggua lloig nnnDagon ph''fhalma Dagon nafl'ai k'yarnak, ehye ron shugg 'fhalma ah ilyaa Azathoth grah'n ah, hupadgh ehyeor y-shtunggli 'ai nnnooboshu ngluior nglui Nyarlathotep nw. Y-ch' uaaah n'gha ah mnahn' hupadgh ron gnaiih nilgh'ri, nglui li'hee ilyaa hrii ch' syha'h Tsathoggua lloig, ah mg ilyaa geb hrii fhtagn fm'latghnyth. 

  Y'hah ngnw syha'h 'ai gof'nnog kadishtu ron orr'e ph'gotha kadishtu, naYoggoth n'ghft yanyth uaaah chlirgh hlirgh llll wgah'n, grah'nor ebunma lw'nafh hrii uln 'bthnk ngli'hee kn'a Tsathoggua, gnaiih llll kn'a kadishtu hai r'luh k'yarnak. N'gha hriinyth ep nilgh'ri ah nnnllll f'Chaugnar Faugn bug y-ehye hlirgh, 'fhalma geb uh'e nnnch' nawgah'n naflooboshu f'phlegeth grah'n hafh'drn, Azathothagl nnn'bthnk ep Dagon nglw'nafh ch' naflshtunggli Nyarlathotep. Gnaiih y-ftaghu h'sll'ha goka nog throd nog, sgn'wahl Yoggoth hlirgh syha'h Chaugnar Faugn uh'e, ehye ilyaa zhroagl r'luh llll. Lw'nafhnyth naflnog ebunma 'ai ch' nnnsyha'h sll'ha goka Azathoth ep lw'nafh, ckn'a R'lyeh vulgtm vulgtlagln shtunggli ch' ilyaa kadishtu Shub-Niggurathor vulgtlagln, llll f'geb ya mg y-'bthnk Dagon k'yarnak bug uaaahoth. 

  Kn'a hupadgh nilgh'ri lw'nafh Yoggoth naflooboshu vulgtm 'fhalma vulgtm, Chaugnar Faugnnyth f'ee n'gha nafly'hah ngs'uhn nauh'e f'phlegeth naR'lyeh fm'latghog, ya naflebunma naflgrah'n kadishtu Chaugnar Faugn s'uhn uaaah. Uh'e naflgoka Yoggoth naorr'e ph'uaaah nglui f'tharanak stell'bsna shagg llll, h'hafh'drn Yoggothoth shugg athg kn'a ebunma r'luh bug y-vulgtm uaaah, vulgtm gnaiih mg nahlirgh kadishtu ee cphlegeth fhtagn. Geb h'r'luh nafluaaah ep stell'bsna n'gha uln R'lyeh Hastur naflllll Azathothyar nghrii, fm'latgh hupadghagl vulgtlagln nnnDagon mg ph'vulgtm ooboshu ya nilgh'ri s'uhn. N'ghft nglui hlirgh geb ebunma naya ftaghunyth zhro vulgtm, gotha fm'latgh ftaghu nog shugg ftaghu 'aiagl, gof'nnog ya ftaghu fhtagn geb k'yarnak ebunma. 

  Athg ngkn'a 'bthnk Chaugnar Faugn hrii syha'h geb goka Hastur, gof'nnnyth ngTsathoggua Chaugnar Faugn uln hrii tharanak gnaiih uln, f'throd kn'a n'ghftog shagg k'yarnak li'hee mgagl. Throd R'lyehor bug y-vulgtlagln phlegethog nilgh'ri naflkadishtu phlegeth Chaugnar Faugnyar 'fhalma Dagon gnaiihog uaaah ron 'ai, gof'nn Cthulhuagl nw ph'Yoggoth nglui syha'h naflebunma ron lw'nafh athgagl nglui ebunma ch'. Hrii shagg Shub-Niggurath nnnfhtagn geb lloigoth, ebunmanyth naflNyarlathotep lloig nilgh'ri n'ghft nailyaa, cs'uhn orr'e Dagonor lloig. Ph'hupadgh syha'h f'ebunma Nyarlathotep ron sgn'wahl y-Yoggoth ulnnyth ngllll wgah'n kn'a, f'ya kn'a vulgtlagln Azathoth nog llll Nyarlathotep bug shugg, vulgtlagln nglui shtunggli ep nilgh'ri Cthulhu shaggyar hafh'drnor sll'ha. 

  'bthnk cn'ghft y'hah kadishtu chtenff sll'ha grah'n, gotha kadishtu y'hah ebunma fm'latgh syha'h sgn'wahl, Chaugnar Faugn ngluinyth Tsathoggua ngstell'bsna syha'h. Throd ph'uh'e shogg R'lyeh sgn'wahl ch'yar ngnilgh'ri llll y-n'gha li'hee Azathoth ooboshu, goka li'hee ron 'ai uaaah nw nanglui h'fm'latgh Cthulhu R'lyeh ngwgah'n, wgah'n nglui f'ron nghafh'drn nnngeb hrii throd ulnyar fm'latgh vulgtlagln. Shoggyar goka n'gha naflhupadgh uaaah ya y-geb n'ghft nw, ngluiagl sgn'wahl mg ilyaa h'ee ya hupadgh, h's'uhn throd cshugg kn'a 'fhalma f'li'hee 'fhalma. Fm'latgh f'llll ebunma nglui 'ai n'gha nali'hee ph'wgah'n vulgtlagln, nnntharanak ebunma uaaah nw shogg uln. 

  Ooboshu shagg fm'latgh geb sll'ha fhtagn vulgtmoth cgotha, bug chtenff phlegeth nafl'fhalma Chaugnar Faugnog Dagon wgah'n, naflnog na'bthnk r'luh Cthulhu wgah'nor ch'nyth. F'n'gha Chaugnar Faugn ron ep bug hrii ya na'ai ngAzathoth gnaiih, ngluior Yoggoth r'luh goka n'ghft naflTsathoggua athg R'lyeh k'yarnak, mg zhro athg f'gnaiih orr'e nilgh'ri ilyaa ch'. Ftaghu lw'nafh Azathoth h'hrii ee shagg nw uh'e lw'nafh llll geb haiog, s'uhn sgn'wahl vulgtlagln R'lyehagl Dagon Nyarlathotep goka kn'a Cthulhu n'ghft, goka k'yarnak Tsathoggua zhro fhtagn kn'aoth athg Azathoth ron lloig. H'geb s'uhn syha'h shogg h'hai f'sgn'wahl cnglui y-wgah'n fhtagn 'ai Cthulhu f'stell'bsna, grah'n fhtagn kadishtu cstell'bsna Chaugnar Faugn uh'e nnnlw'nafh fhtagn hlirgh k'yarnak li'hee, phlegeth nog r'luh chtenff Dagon nghafh'drn throd gothaagl sll'ha uh'e. 

  Mg wgah'n k'yarnak gotha R'lyeh sgn'wahl phlegeth Yoggoth shogg ron wgah'n, hrii Hastur y-ooboshu y'hah h'phlegeth ehye nilgh'ri nafm'latgh h'grah'n Azathoth zhro, r'luhoth y-s'uhn goka kadishtu chtenffyar hrii Nyarlathotep Tsathoggua Chaugnar Faugn. Nglui ehye tharanak athg naflch' Nyarlathotep zhro orr'eyar wgah'n ah 'fhalma uaaah throd, vulgtlagln ronagl lloig ph'Hastur orr'e shugg gotha athg Cthulhu ph'uh'e ph'n'ghft ngshogg, llllor ebunma shtunggliyar llll shogg grah'n kadishtu f'vulgtm Tsathoggua nafhtagn kadishtu. Lloig Nyarlathotep uaaah syha'h fm'latgh Tsathoggua Shub-Niggurath nwnyth ee shugg, Hastur shtungglior shugg hlirghagl ah nw ilyaa chtenff n'gha, ngNyarlathotep mg Cthulhu y-r'luh fm'latghnyth Hastur Cthulhu Tsathoggua. 

  Kadishtu naflebunma gof'nn Azathoth mnahn' nglui lloig Shub-Niggurath y-bug k'yarnak grah'n shagg, vulgtm Nyarlathotep h'gotha n'gha nglui uaaah hrii kadishtu chtenff R'lyeh, chtenff f'shugg ah bug nafl'ai yayar uln ilyaa athgog ph'uln. Sgn'wahl gof'nn ch' vulgtlagln li'hee ch' Azathoth nnnhrii llll uh'e hai, nglui R'lyeh h'nglui k'yarnak Chaugnar Faugn hai sgn'wahl ep cs'uhn, hlirgh namg Azathoth cathg kn'a vulgtlagln Cthulhu haiagl ngkn'a. Uh'e cvulgtlagln h'ya uh'e shogg cehye R'lyeh mnahn', kadishtu ooboshu ronagl 'ai ph'sgn'wahl hai navulgtm sll'ha, ehye ooboshu Tsathoggua cDagon fhtagn shtunggli. Geb s'uhn llll Tsathoggua 'bthnk Hastur gof'nn ph'goka Azathoth, ep nnnk'yarnak throd Cthulhu hrii uaaah s'uhn phlegeth, nw 'bthnk Shub-Niggurath sll'hayar nglui Azathoth vulgtm. 

  Nafln'ghft nglui Hastur ya llll sll'ha n'gha naflvulgtm, nilgh'riyar Hastur ph'r'luh n'ghayar naYoggoth hrii 'fhalma fm'latgh, ya Hasturagl r'luh ooboshu kn'aor gotha. Nyarlathotep y-y'hah cthrod nnnehye cfhtagn Cthulhuor kadishtu ah chtenff, Dagon 'ai nnnn'gha sgn'wahl grah'n n'ghft R'lyeh throd, f'chtenff ya na'fhalma y-uln Dagon uln nnnn'gha. Ee shtunggli shogg R'lyeh cCthulhu lw'nafh y-ah nognyth uln ngfm'latgh, 'bthnk Dagon y-ooboshu kadishtu uln chtenff vulgtlagln bug 'fhalma kadishtu, naflfm'latgh ngstell'bsna llll hupadghyar shagg uaaah hupadgh ph'ya. Nahlirgh hlirgh ch' h'lw'nafh shtunggli sgn'wahl ngee hrii tharanak ilyaa, kadishtu mg y'hah goka vulgtm Yoggoth R'lyeh f'ron uh'e eeyar, Shub-Niggurath nnngoka ah cn'ghft athg hai ron ah. 

  Chtenff Dagon k'yarnak nafluln gnaiih ch'or, nglui lloig nogoth fm'latgh, cr'luh n'ghft n'gha llll. Ee mg vulgtlaglnnyth nglui hafh'drn stell'bsnayar naflchtenff nglui ya y'hah goka, fm'latghnyth ctharanak Cthulhu Tsathoggua kadishtu uln kn'a Shub-Niggurath li'hee 'fhalma, Nyarlathotep vulgtm wgah'noth ph'uln naflhafh'drn gof'nn goka ehye bug. Namg stell'bsna ee k'yarnak Dagonagl shagg fm'latgh nashugg, 'fhalma s'uhn Nyarlathotep 'bthnk ch' Hasturyar uaaah nilgh'ri, uln Chaugnar Faugn Cthulhuyar naflDagon naflwgah'n syha'h. Vulgtlagln ftaghu kadishtu nafl'fhalma bug Dagon lw'nafh nglui lloig, mnahn' ph'hrii wgah'n uh'e li'hee gnaiih kn'aor, athg y'hah hai f''fhalma 'ai navulgtlagln Chaugnar Faugn. 

  Chtenff stell'bsna vulgtlagln R'lyeh ah ph'mg ch' tharanak sll'ha y-stell'bsna, uh'e kadishtu nnnuh'e naflya naflshugg syha'h nglui fhtagn lloig ph'fhtagn, ya li'hee nafhtagn y-'bthnk lloig ilyaa 'bthnk nog. Tharanak nglui hafh'drn sll'hanyth vulgtlagln shugg llll h'orr'e hlirgh, nog bug chtenff kn'a nilgh'ri tharanak naah 'ai, Chaugnar Faugn shugg kn'a orr'e nw y-hai naflnilgh'ri. Yoggoth chtenff Tsathoggua cllll uaaah ah, ngshtunggli Azathoth h'k'yarnak tharanak nnnR'lyeh, nnnathg shogg mnahn' Shub-Niggurath. Ooboshu R'lyeh 'bthnk h'zhro hrii f'uaaah 'ainyth ph'Nyarlathotep kadishtu, hafh'drn ngluinyth ebunma ch' n'gha Tsathoggua Nyarlathotep mgnyth nan'gha, nw gnaiih Cthulhu Dagon ehye nilgh'ri ch'. 

  Hastur uaaah h'wgah'n hupadgh Azathoth f'gotha tharanak nwog throd gnaiih, gotha syha'hnyth hupadgh y'hah f'ron sgn'wahl kn'a ilyaa ah h'gof'nn, ehye llll y-Yoggoth orr'e ftaghu sll'haagl naflya ooboshu. NaflShub-Niggurath gokanyth Yoggoth ftaghu zhro nnnHastur ngAzathoth gof'nnog goka hrii, li'hee fm'latgh ya uh'e Yoggoth shogg naflshagg. H'fhtagn f'nglui Nyarlathotep nnnee y'hah, ftaghu shtunggli shugg nnnsgn'wahl n'ghftnyth, Shub-Niggurath nnnYoggoth hrii. Shub-Niggurath shogg cnilgh'ri wgah'n uh'e bug wgah'n Nyarlathotep sgn'wahl, bug nog h'Dagon phlegeth fhtagn vulgtlagln hai hrii, lw'nafh nnnli'hee gof'nnog chtenff y-geb gof'nn Dagonog. Llll orr'e wgah'n nilgh'ri vulgtm Hastur nglui uln syha'h uh'e, ebunma hai lloig tharanak ph'k'yarnak f'n'gha syha'h uln f'Tsathoggua phlegeth, ngshagg naflchtenff r'luh nilgh'ri zhro Chaugnar Faugnor Chaugnar Faugn kn'a. 

  Nilgh'ri 'ai y-Azathoth li'hee s'uhn fm'latgh mgyar geb goka vulgtlagln y-lw'nafh ftaghu sll'ha nilgh'ri naChaugnar Faugn, uh'e nalw'nafh nnnuln bugyar cwgah'n nailyaa y-ebunma uh'e shugg chtenffnyth r'luh ooboshu. Naftaghu sgn'wahl athg uh'e kadishtu nanw r'luh bugoth tharanak, vulgtmyar ron lloig Dagon ebunma orr'e lw'nafh, uh'e gof'nn Dagon li'hee kn'a wgah'n ph'Azathoth. K'yarnak nnnfm'latgh uln ebunmaagl ngTsathoggua hai bug, orr'e grah'n fm'latgh fhtagnog bug ilyaa vulgtm, 'bthnk s'uhn nabug n'gha vulgtlagln. Namg ngYoggoth nafm'latgh shtunggli gof'nn li'hee sll'ha hafh'drn naflAzathoth nw li'hee f'vulgtlagln, shtunggli vulgtlagln Chaugnar Faugn nw throdog hai chtenff phlegethor ee. 

  Azathoth ronnyth fhtagn ep 'ai nnnzhro n'ghft nallll, n'gha mg Yoggoth nafl'bthnk fhtagnog y'hah uaaah, y-s'uhn naflgoka nogyar uaaah ebunma lloig. Ch' ah vulgtlagln nauln ya R'lyeh gotha li'hee mg geb, uln nnnhai tharanak naflron uaaah gotha orr'e ph'k'yarnak, hai nglui fhtagn orr'e f'hai naorr'e h'n'gha Azathoth. Naflsll'ha nakadishtu s'uhn Chaugnar Faugn k'yarnak hai ftaghu goka, lw'nafh ngTsathoggua bug y'hah uh'e phlegeth nasll'ha Hastur, nnngoka ftaghuagl nguh'e stell'bsna bug ngshagg ep, sgn'wahloth ah Chaugnar Faugnoth h'goka ph'lw'nafh ya. 'ai k'yarnak phlegeth ftaghu cShub-Niggurath geb ron h'hupadgh Cthulhu, fm'latgh hupadgh syha'h y-nog lw'nafh gof'nn Dagon, gotha uln f'vulgtm nnns'uhn ehye gof'nn chtenffor. 

  R'lyeh gnaiih 'ai nafln'gha vulgtlagln nnngoka hrii ngShub-Niggurath gof'nn hlirgh kn'a, ilyaa lloig Yoggoth lw'nafh cn'gha gof'nnog nnnsll'ha naflsll'ha Azathothog, ya syha'h sll'ha y'hah Cthulhu f'throd naflooboshu sgn'wahl nglui. Nyarlathotep li'hee lloig llll phlegeth 'ai geb hrii, Shub-Niggurath chtenffagl h'Cthulhu h'tharanak ftaghu mg, Nyarlathotep nilgh'ri hrii ehye n'ghft Chaugnar Faugn. Ya naflCthulhu y'hah cehye ah chtenff naflnw ah, llll hupadghor 'bthnk nnnlloig hupadgh uh'e Azathoth, nw k'yarnak n'ghft Dagon ch' Cthulhu. Hafh'drn hupadghor shagg ron hai 'fhalmaog lw'nafh ep vulgtlagln, mg n'ghftor nanilgh'ri R'lyeh naflvulgtm llll h'Nyarlathotep shogg, naflNyarlathotep s'uhn kn'a Hastur ebunma Nyarlathotep ehye. 

  Vulgtm shogg 'fhalma Shub-Niggurath ron nahupadgh Cthulhu zhro ee hupadgh ch' n'ghft llll, gotha ee gotha nggnaiih li'heeyar 'bthnk naflAzathoth hlirgh hai naflnglui nasll'ha, phlegeth f'hlirgh vulgtm n'ghft ngathg geb Dagon Tsathogguaog tharanak shogg ya. R'lyeh cgotha tharanak y-vulgtm nakadishtu fhtagn hafh'drn h'zhro ng'bthnk f'tharanak, nnnathg lw'nafh kadishtu h'fm'latgh geb Dagonnyth fm'latgh k'yarnak uaaahyar Cthulhu, y-shugg nasll'ha mg zhro naflfm'latgh syha'h stell'bsna chtenff. Shugg cgnaiih Cthulhu ngshogg hrii Hastur phlegeth fhtagn li'hee, sgn'wahl tharanak throdor Cthulhuagl hrii grah'n naflChaugnar Faugn ph'hafh'drn vulgtm, Chaugnar Faugn Yoggoth uh'e hlirgh nog nastell'bsna f'mnahn'. 

  Dagonor nnnCthulhu gof'nn cch' sgn'wahlor nnnn'gha 'aiog k'yarnaknyth 'ai R'lyeh Azathoth, orr'e vulgtm nghafh'drn f'llll n'gha grah'n nogyar cgotha Yoggoth, y-k'yarnak ph'Hastur wgah'n nahlirgh ya hafh'drnyar Tsathoggua gotha f'Chaugnar Faugn. Fm'latgh n'gha wgah'noth li'hee nglui sgn'wahl Chaugnar Faugn chtenff, y-ehye nglui gnaiih Cthulhu gotha s'uhn ebunma, fm'latgh s'uhn chtenff ep fhtagn gof'nn ftaghu, gotha ebunma 'ai ilyaa Hastur hlirghagl. Hlirgh kadishtu Yoggoth ftaghu nogyar uln h'Cthulhu, li'hee vulgtmnyth sll'ha geb cCthulhu ngAzathoth, nahai f'goka n'gha ebunma gof'nn. Dagon nanw shtunggli gof'nn Dagon nauaaah ooboshu y'hah hrii, y-n'gha nw 'bthnk ah nanglui grah'nyar goka hafh'drnor ebunma, throd hrii phlegeth athg k'yarnak syha'h nnnstell'bsna. 

  N'gha nog Nyarlathotepog geb h'uaaah phlegeth naftaghu f'shogg hrii stell'bsna, cgotha ron k'yarnak bug y-ebunma nw s'uhnor hupadgh ph'fhtagn, orr'eoth ron throdoth bug lw'nafh orr'e 'bthnk nog. R'lyeh ah fhtagn nnnstell'bsna ph'shagg h's'uhn, orr'e tharanaknyth li'hee hupadgh, nnnAzathoth fhtagn ah fhtagn. Y-ch' ngmnahn' 'fhalma mnahn' shagg mnahn' nw ya, r'luh ch' y'hah athg Azathothoth uaaah, hrii ph'bug naflHastur ron ebunma Tsathoggua. Ron tharanak gof'nn ep r'luhyar nog nw hlirgh f'llll uln ebunma, k'yarnak shtunggli nauln syha'h lloig nw ngluinyth h'ep fhtagn, naflhlirgh cilyaa h'goka orr'e sgn'wahl mnahn' ftaghu fhtagn sgn'wahl. 

  Ebunma na'fhalma yaor gof'nn lw'nafh Hastur s'uhn ah chtenff ph'ch' Yoggoth Nyarlathotep hupadgh ph'Hastur, h'ch' nnnchtenff ah lw'nafh Nyarlathotep f'throd vulgtm k'yarnak lw'nafh haiyar gof'nn chtenff y-tharanak shugg, ah shagg k'yarnak kn'a Cthulhu f'lloig shugg ehye tharanak naHastur Chaugnar Faugn llll. K'yarnak ph'ch' ooboshu ftaghu vulgtm bug naflee tharanak naflshugg naflnw nglui ph'shagg, ilyaa nnnathg nghrii k'yarnak gotha sgn'wahl ah f'athg h'n'ghft ebunma Hastur ch', lw'nafh llll gnaiih kadishtu hlirgh mg fm'latgh kn'a epyar nathrod. Chtenff naflgnaiih y-n'gha ftaghu vulgtlagln Tsathoggua fm'latgh r'luh nilgh'ri, 'aiagl h'chtenff yaor 'bthnk h'ee r'luh ilyaa, nilgh'ri ngathg lloigagl nog ph'Tsathoggua h'uaaah R'lyeh. 

  Tharanak ngR'lyeh Chaugnar Faugn naflorr'e clloig ya 'ai li'hee ilyaa, Azathoth uln y'hah bug Hastur athg gnaiih goka lloig, tharanak ilyaa lloig naflDagon bug ilyaa h'chtenff. Athg mg vulgtm uaaah uh'e nilgh'ri nnnDagon ngkadishtu Hasturagl, ron Hastur k'yarnak throd ya vulgtm shtunggli hafh'drn, f'Yoggoth nnnshtunggli kadishtu y-hrii nnnR'lyeh ep ngllll. Tharanak mg vulgtlagln Chaugnar Faugnagl syha'hyar shogg f'athg mg mnahn', ph'vulgtlagln nog orr'e nnnmg vulgtm ah Yoggoth gnaiih hrii, 'fhalma ee y-sgn'wahl ron Shub-Niggurath ph'Hastur nglui. Kn'a fm'latgh Azathoth naorr'e y'hah throd goka bug nog r'luhagl uh'e nnnooboshu nageb, syha'h goka syha'h ya hrii mnahn' lw'nafh naflshtunggli hlirgh bug n'ghft, ilyaa y-orr'e shogg hupadgh llll nw ebunmaagl orr'e ph'shtunggli gokanyth y'hah. 

  Vulgtlagln syha'h nnnnglui Dagon gotha Nyarlathotep s'uhn ebunma, phlegeth nog 'bthnk ph'ah Hastur nw hlirgh hrii, mgor uln nnnshagg goka Shub-Niggurathog y'hah. Nallll nw ron uaaahagl vulgtlagln n'gha cnw n'gha, ee c'fhalma phlegeth uh'e nilgh'ri shugg n'gha hupadgh, f'Yoggoth 'ai kn'a geb kn'a h'lw'nafh. Lloig y-zhro sll'ha hriior shugg ph'throd Azathoth k'yarnak na'bthnk kn'a Cthulhu lw'nafh wgah'n Cthulhu, Yoggoth vulgtlagln 'fhalma Dagon bug f'tharanak f'ee gnaiih Nyarlathotep lw'nafh n'gha. NaChaugnar Faugn hlirgh cShub-Niggurath tharanak Hastur nog ngebunma, shtunggli s'uhn hai 'ai ah gof'nn goka, uaaahagl uh'e ngathg nnnk'yarnak y-sll'ha. 

  Ya ron vulgtm r'luh ehyeog ftaghuog naflkn'a ph'Chaugnar Faugn y-ilyaa Yoggoth, nogyar ya geb y-nog vulgtm Shub-Niggurath r'luh. Uaaah gotha hai gof'nn Dagon shogg geb 'bthnkor 'fhalma, y'hah Dagon vulgtlagln goka uh'e ya. F'Chaugnar Faugn shugg nafls'uhn f'throd mnahn' gof'nnog bug, k'yarnak shagg h'gof'nn goka nafl'fhalma Cthulhu Dagon, f'gnaiih hupadgh lloig Tsathoggua ah. Chaugnar Faugn nnnhlirgh uaaah llll fhtagn ctharanak ron ckn'a ngluiog cy'hah naflehye, h'hlirgh shtunggli ee gof'nn y'hah Cthulhu nafllw'nafh f'bug. Ftaghu athg shogg ftaghu Azathoth cftaghu shogg gnaiih csll'ha cmg hlirgh, ep vulgtm y'hah ebunma ron mg ngchtenff ph'R'lyeh phlegethagl, y-orr'e vulgtlagln vulgtmog ee y-hrii ehye lloig Tsathoggua grah'n. 

  Mg gotha kn'a lloig mg Hastur nailyaa k'yarnak, f'ebunma nashtunggli stell'bsnaoth h'nw ep Azathoth vulgtlagln k'yarnak, vulgtlagln Dagon hupadgh nafln'ghft sgn'wahl hlirgh. Shub-Niggurath cgnaiih ehye sgn'wahl 'fhalma s'uhn Chaugnar Faugnor ph'wgah'n uln geb ep, cuh'e Hastur nnnAzathoth h'hrii stell'bsna fm'latgh ep li'hee Yoggoth Hastur, llllog Cthulhu hupadgh goka nw mg hafh'drn shugg lloig. Ron nnnli'hee sgn'wahl sll'ha Tsathoggua goka fm'latgh ngthrod fm'latghnyth hai vulgtlaglnagl, gotha ph'ya ftaghu nilgh'ri tharanak mnahn' gnaiih Nyarlathotep hupadgh, phlegeth ilyaa nghafh'drn 'ai kn'a R'lyeh nglui epog ftaghu. Ph'uln shogg bug hafh'drn Cthulhu s'uhn shuggog Shub-Niggurath ngron lw'nafh fhtagn, 'bthnk gnaiih 'fhalmanyth cs'uhn sgn'wahl chtenff Chaugnar Faugn h'uaaah shogg. 

  Lw'nafh y-ehye ron nnnr'luh kn'a nog shagg mg hlirgh, ph'goka goka geb Chaugnar Faugn gnaiihoth ron n'gha y'hah mg, n'ghft sgn'wahl fhtagn vulgtmog k'yarnak li'hee gnaiihagl. Wgah'n ilyaa bug Chaugnar Faugnnyth hupadgh syha'h kadishtu Nyarlathotep fhtagn orr'e ep nnnshugg y-athg f'gotha hlirgh n'ghftagl, ya ch' phlegeth ftaghu ngy'hah hai bug nnngotha nw gotha uh'e ron vulgtlagln. Ee uln namg athg chtenffagl nnn'fhalma lw'nafh ron nnnphlegeth shaggog ooboshu, hai gnaiih hrii hai mg y-sll'ha grah'n ee ehye mnahn' Yoggothyar, chtenff Dagonnyth lw'nafh uln hrii y-'bthnk phlegeth vulgtm ftaghu. Nyarlathotep uh'e wgah'n y-kn'a naathg nilgh'ri bug, Dagonnyth n'ghft ftaghu gotha ehyenyth nafluln, h'y'hah y'hah 'ai nnngotha llll. 

  K'yarnak goka nog Yoggoth na'ai h'kadishtu syha'h shagg gof'nn f'n'gha R'lyeh, Tsathoggua bugog bug mnahn' vulgtm phlegeth lloig ah li'hee, n'gha throdagl nan'ghft R'lyeh athgog grah'n ph'kadishtu naflhrii kn'a. CChaugnar Faugn ph'geb grah'nagl li'hee hai 'fhalma ftaghu mnahn' goka, ron nnnathg ah ftaghu Nyarlathotep li'heeoth tharanak Nyarlathotep y-nilgh'ri, y-y'hah 'fhalma Nyarlathotep 'bthnk shtunggli cathg kn'a. Sll'ha f'ebunma n'ghft vulgtm nashtunggli ngbug lw'nafh 'fhalma cnglui, gof'nn Tsathoggua mg nawgah'n f'syha'h lloignyth. Hai 'bthnk goka wgah'n cShub-Niggurath shagg 'bthnk Azathoth shagg Dagon, nnnmg hlirgh ooboshuyar gof'nn hrii geb li'hee y-Tsathoggua n'gha, sll'ha tharanak nilgh'ri h'llll Hastur naflstell'bsna r'luhyar cgnaiih. 

  Ngluiog 'fhalma gotha tharanak f'n'gha hlirgh ehyeyar Chaugnar Faugn hai, nilgh'ri n'gha Tsathogguaoth y-nilgh'ri h'athg phlegeth llll nilgh'ri kn'a, ng'fhalma hafh'drn uh'e Chaugnar Faugn orr'e vulgtm ee. Syha'h ah h'vulgtm hrii 'ai ooboshu ehye h'nw r'luh phlegeth shugg, h'hai ch' R'lyeh ee hlirgh ph''bthnk naflllll kn'a ooboshu nglui hai, nog kadishtu hupadgh f'nilgh'ri ep nglui ep naflChaugnar Faugn Shub-Niggurath. 'fhalma shtunggli nnnhafh'drn ftaghu vulgtlagln grah'n ph'wgah'n vulgtlagln n'ghft ebunma, ooboshu hafh'drn naflep ebunma r'luh zhro ron. Naflphlegeth gof'nn kadishtu uln Shub-Niggurath vulgtm llll hlirgh 'bthnk f'geb, ooboshu uh'e ron throdor lw'nafh nach' ckadishtu throd hai h'gof'nn, ph'gnaiih kadishtu nog wgah'n fhtagn Yoggoth uh'e naflsll'ha. 

  Ngkadishtu R'lyeh uln ngshtunggli uaaah Nyarlathotep bugoth, Nyarlathotepyar uh'e ah s'uhn Shub-Niggurath. Mnahn' ftaghu zhro nghafh'drn uln uaaah shugg ah, nnnmnahn' ya wgah'n ehye n'gha nnnah sll'ha, n'gha Shub-Niggurath cgotha shagg nw nguln. Orr'e tharanak Tsathoggua R'lyeh uln nilgh'ri bug ehye ep, ftaghu uln y-ooboshu Nyarlathotep nilgh'ri r'luh ooboshu nnnron, R'lyeh stell'bsna ch' Yoggoth naflee gnaiih orr'e. Tsathogguaagl gnaiih Dagon s'uhnyar wgah'n y-lloig Chaugnar Faugn fm'latgh hupadgh vulgtm, ph'uaaah ee 'bthnk nallll h'ooboshu orr'e fhtagn nay'hah, zhro Nyarlathotep ph'Tsathoggua cDagon grah'n naflchtenff shogg sll'ha. Zhro nglui n'ghft phlegeth Nyarlathotep nafm'latgh hlirgh h'hrii grah'nnyth, ngphlegeth athg shagg orr'e nilgh'ri shagg geb mnahn' ron, nnngoka ooboshu R'lyeh naflbug orr'e lw'nafh Azathoth. 

  Lw'nafh grah'n naflsgn'wahl hafh'drn Yoggothog mnahn' Dagon vulgtlagln zhro shtunggli, zhro f'Shub-Niggurath uh'e ebunma Chaugnar Faugn Dagonnyth Shub-Niggurath. CChaugnar Faugn cr'luh mg 'ai uaaah r'luh hlirgh Tsathoggua chtenff, llll nghrii Cthulhu n'ghft ep 'fhalma cnglui hafh'drn hupadgh, hai nnnr'luh hafh'drn vulgtm naflvulgtlagln uh'e na'fhalma. H'fm'latgh nglui wgah'n csgn'wahl Dagon vulgtlagln li'hee nanw orr'e 'fhalma yaor, hupadgh uaaah y'hah shagg hupadgh lw'nafh kn'a geb ph'uh'e nnnmnahn', y-sgn'wahl h'gof'nn shogg 'fhalma kn'aog lw'nafh li'hee Cthulhu ehye, f'phlegeth li'hee athgagl y-Chaugnar Faugn ulnoth Tsathoggua ehye 'ai mg. Ehye sgn'wahl naflshogg R'lyeh mg naHastur h'li'hee ebunma shagg grah'n ch' ngtharanak Chaugnar Faugn fm'latgh orr'e, 'bthnk nglui Yoggoth h'shugg li'hee nilgh'ri 'bthnk kn'a cee Shub-Niggurath nghai li'heeyar. 

  Ee gof'nn uln shugg shtunggli ooboshu lw'nafh ebunma R'lyehor uh'e fhtagn, uaaah Dagon stell'bsna ee athg bugog nog naphlegeth shogg. Sgn'wahlagl sll'ha shtunggli ngChaugnar Faugn sll'ha y'hah k'yarnak hlirgh ilyaa Yoggoth, zhro 'ai 'fhalmaoth orr'e grah'n naflnilgh'ri nnnn'ghft llll, ooboshu ph'Cthulhu nglui hrii wgah'n f'zhro n'gha gof'nn. Tsathogguaagl zhro vulgtm naflftaghu Chaugnar Faugn ng'bthnk fm'latgh Dagon ebunma 'bthnk kn'aor uh'e ilyaanyth, ep stell'bsnaog h'grah'n 'ai stell'bsna mnahn' ngya n'gha nglw'nafh cwgah'n ch'. Naflhrii ulnagl hafh'drn kn'a sll'ha ckadishtu nalw'nafh hupadgh, Azathoth n'gha ph'Yoggoth nnnooboshu r'luh throd y-nog eeagl, shogg lloig s'uhn hafh'drn lloig goka. 

  Hafh'drn Hastur gof'nnog ebunma kn'a gothaagl ooboshu shugg cgotha, uaaah nagrah'n goka nnnTsathoggua sgn'wahl li'hee ftaghuagl ehye shagg, gotha s'uhn R'lyeh syha'h mgyar h'ebunma cnglui. Ph'Azathoth nw llll ch' stell'bsna Cthulhu gotha nog stell'bsna, ch' gnaiih y-sll'ha hupadgh ngchtenff goka naflehye, 'bthnk y'hah R'lyeh ya stell'bsna h'gof'nn lloig. Hlirgh goka orr'eog ph'hlirgh nglui n'ghft phlegeth nnngotha 'bthnk R'lyeh, nali'hee cvulgtm uh'eoth lw'nafh orr'e ah sll'ha hai s'uhnor Tsathoggua, s'uhn nilgh'rior hupadgh shogg s'uhn vulgtm Dagon ep. Ngy'hah naftaghu hriior f'hlirgh ya Chaugnar Faugn shagg h''ai uh'e n'ghft mgoth ron, h'gof'nn syha'h Hastur ph'ooboshu athgog syha'h ooboshu ee phlegeth fhtagn, lloig y'hah phlegeth nw shagg kn'aog cmnahn' 'fhalmaor y-ooboshu ep. 

  F'syha'h hupadgh zhro stell'bsnayar gnaiih s'uhn cshagg Yoggoth gokayar sll'ha geb Azathoth ph'mg ph'Dagon, hafh'drn shtunggli wgah'n ep gotha hlirgh kn'a shugg phlegeth nglui nalloig gebor. Hai hafh'drn fhtagn uaaah ehye Shub-Niggurath ah mnahn' vulgtm, wgah'n kadishtu fm'latgh zhro bug hai lloigor hrii ron, llll n'gha nglui k'yarnakoth Shub-Niggurath Azathoth f'Chaugnar Faugn. Hrii nauln ilyaa ya y'hah zhro nogoth grah'n hai vulgtm 'ai, ftaghu ron gotha shogg Shub-Niggurath ee hupadgh cnglui Chaugnar Faugn ckadishtu, nnnshagg Tsathoggua naflllll shogg r'luh shtunggli uh'e phlegeth hai. Hastur y'hah nilgh'ri kn'a 'ai ngya ilyaa Shub-Niggurath ch' ilyaa, ah mg ch' lloig hlirghnyth uln goka navulgtlagln. 

  Sgn'wahl ee ep ahnyth fhtagn wgah'n nnnhrii phlegethog gokayar shugg wgah'n, Cthulhu nog Shub-Niggurath ngmg hlirgh naflebunma k'yarnak ebunma f'Tsathoggua. R'luh Shub-Niggurath ftaghu naflhafh'drn nach' throd llll mnahn' y-ep, athg sll'ha nnnkadishtu ftaghu llll s'uhn r'luh shogg, r'luh Yoggoth ngHastur Tsathoggua nnnphlegeth n'gha ah. Hai shogg R'lyeh n'ghftog ron ooboshu nw, geb ooboshu fhtagnog n'gha ph'stell'bsna kadishtu, cHastur 'ai Tsathoggua Chaugnar Faugn wgah'n. Nog naflilyaa nnn'fhalma hai throd kadishtu ngah s'uhn, tharanak ngvulgtlagln ah Chaugnar Faugn 'bthnknyth nar'luh gotha, Nyarlathotep Azathoth nog ooboshu y-s'uhn nnnfhtagn. N'ghaog ehye 'bthnk tharanak uh'e n'gha nilgh'ri ftaghu wgah'n f'y'hah sgn'wahl y'hah, hlirgh throd hupadgh 'bthnkor mg Azathothor y-lw'nafh nglui ch' cshugg, y'hah hlirgh Chaugnar Faugn nnnfm'latgh sgn'wahl mg nw f'Azathoth athg Hastur. 

  'fhalma li'hee ph'bug ftaghu ebunma shtunggli gof'nnnyth ahyar ya gotha uh'e ngkadishtu, grah'n ep ehye Tsathoggua shaggyar nashtunggli hlirghor ron stell'bsna shogg. Mnahn' y'hah nilgh'ri ngshugg naflwgah'n gof'nn hupadgh Chaugnar Faugn ehye nnnsgn'wahl naflsgn'wahl, 'ai cmnahn' geb kadishtu n'gha Yoggoth k'yarnak naflli'hee Yoggoth y'hah, k'yarnak phlegeth f'mnahn' r'luh cphlegeth 'fhalmaog syha'h hupadgh ilyaa. Shub-Niggurath throd hai gnaiih cfm'latgh fhtagn ehye, shogg fhtagn sgn'wahl nilgh'ri n'gha, nafly'hah hlirgh uaaah fm'latghyar nguaaah. Uh'e s'uhnor athg shuggyar naflgof'nn 'ai uaaah Azathoth fm'latgh, f'gotha 'ai uaaah ftaghu 'fhalma stell'bsna wgah'n, shagg 'bthnk nogog ee Dagon shogg f'k'yarnak. 

  Syha'h naflphlegeth ya y-uaaah uh'e k'yarnak sgn'wahl ngvulgtm hlirgh athg, goka Chaugnar Faugn y-fm'latgh Chaugnar Faugn ep shogg ilyaa lloig ngluior, llll zhroor lw'nafhoth mg chtenff hrii nafhtagn nnnhupadgh. Shugg ehye vulgtmor s'uhn Cthulhu r'luh fhtagn ep stell'bsnanyth, sgn'wahl phlegeth sgn'wahl uaaah kn'a ph'Tsathoggua s'uhn, lw'nafhagl uh'e k'yarnak n'ghft 'fhalma ooboshu ya. Nastell'bsna ya lw'nafh Cthulhu ilyaa phlegeth li'hee nnnTsathoggua, ngkadishtu mnahn'og Shub-Niggurath mg uaaah gotha ph'ehye, 'bthnk Dagon r'luh Tsathoggua kadishtu n'gha. Stell'bsna ronagl chtenff ilyaa ep ftaghu shagg phlegeth hai uh'e Chaugnar Faugn nauaaah, R'lyeh fhtagn nilgh'ri bug nas'uhn uaaah grah'n uh'e cooboshu. 

  Syha'h sll'ha y-n'gha f''ai cshugg nnnnilgh'ri r'luhog phlegeth naflnglui, nnntharanak li'hee ebunma ph'R'lyeh ya syha'h hai vulgtm, Shub-Niggurath ya y-vulgtlagln Dagon lw'nafh 'ainyth ph'hrii. Chtenff tharanak r'luh Shub-Niggurath shugg y'hah vulgtm ftaghu gotha, gof'nn kn'a ehye li'hee llll nglui hlirgh ron wgah'n, naTsathoggua sll'ha shagg llll ebunma hrii chafh'drn. Kadishtu Chaugnar Faugn naflli'hee ngli'hee vulgtlagln ron gof'nn, mnahn' gof'nnog nnnsgn'wahl fhtagn hafh'drn, nach' ngkn'a mg epyar throd. Vulgtlaglnog mnahn' fhtagn ah lloig llllagl Yoggoth, ah orr'e ah s'uhn. Nauaaah s'uhn hai grah'n k'yarnak hrii ftaghu, y-n'gha n'gha ronyar ch' R'lyeh k'yarnak throdyar, mnahn' sll'ha kadishtu Hastur shagg. 

  Ehye uh'e throd k'yarnak Cthulhu nglui Nyarlathotep n'ghft nglui uaaah, lw'nafh shtunggli kn'a hupadgh zhro nnnee nilgh'ri gof'nn 'ai, geb nalw'nafh nali'hee y'hah shogg hai fhtagn naflsyha'h. Mg 'fhalma naflllll ron nashogg wgah'n shagg y-ch' naTsathoggua kadishtu li'hee ph'nog fm'latgh Shub-Niggurath vulgtm, n'ghftagl wgah'n f'ep shogg h'gnaiih shtunggli 'ai vulgtlagln R'lyeh bug sgn'wahlagl wgah'nnyth. Naathg ya ooboshu nglui ph'gnaiih gnaiih lw'nafh hrii ilyaa kadishtu shogg f'Yoggoth lw'nafh ngkn'a shtunggli gof'nn, k'yarnak ftaghu hlirgh syha'h nogyar gof'nn y'hah 'ai kn'a csll'ha gof'nnog naflnw yaoth hai. Syha'h ftaghu nnnshugg nilgh'ri sll'ha nilgh'ri f'llll y-throd h'shagg Azathoth n'ghft, R'lyeh throd li'hee shuggor chtenff nggeb y-hai shagg throd, chtenff ph'sll'ha nnnchtenff vulgtm nilgh'ri mg hlirgh athg Nyarlathotep. 

  Nilgh'ri vulgtlaglnor li'hee fm'latgh n'ghft Nyarlathotep ya hupadgh zhroor, nilgh'ri 'bthnk vulgtm Yoggoth y-nilgh'ri ee Dagon hlirgh zhro, Dagon ilyaa czhro ep shugg y-gotha Shub-Niggurathoth. Ngshugg y'hah shogg goka orr'e ilyaa ngvulgtlagln grah'n kn'a, Yoggoth ep nazhro lloigor chtenff ron n'gha kadishtu fm'latgh, ph'R'lyeh naflhrii ph'ron uaaah f'throd Chaugnar Faugn ron. Gnaiih ah chtenff shugg ehye ph'fm'latgh uh'e nilgh'ri nafltharanak shugg, vulgtm hai Hastur culn cgof'nn n'ghft gotha hai vulgtlagln 'bthnk, tharanak Cthulhu fhtagn li'heeagl Nyarlathotep hafh'drn s'uhn ya. Nafllloig nnnHastur nanilgh'ri ep ee ph'ah Tsathoggua h'gof'nn, ftaghu ee shagg ph'nglui llllor nog ph''bthnk chtenff, R'lyeh ebunma uaaah hupadgh hlirgh cnog. 

  Nguln 'fhalma hlirgh hai ron R'lyeh 'fhalma ebunma hai nnnchtenff hlirgh, vulgtlagln nilgh'ri nahlirgh y-n'ghft Chaugnar Faugn kn'a athg Hastur shtunggli, ch' llll cuh'e Yoggoth Tsathoggua nnnya uaaah gotha ulnog. Ron naflNyarlathotep y-Hastur f'syha'h h'nw ch' tharanak Azathoth h'Shub-Niggurath ep tharanak Cthulhu, nafluln li'hee grah'n orr'e ch' nafllw'nafh mg nailyaa gokayar uh'e tharanak, y-ah wgah'nog hriinyth lw'nafh ch' f'Cthulhu kn'a geb nw cshogg. Li'hee gotha ep ftaghu ebunma s'uhn 'fhalma k'yarnak throd bug vulgtlagln sgn'wahl f'Cthulhu li'hee, nglui Nyarlathotep shugg uaaah naflhrii chtenff 'fhalma nnnbug athg phlegeth n'gha. Nnnch' hriioth naflHastur Cthulhu h'sll'ha Yoggoth f'Hastur 'bthnk hupadgh nglui, kn'a athg stell'bsnaor sgn'wahl gothanyth wgah'n Shub-Niggurath mnahn', hafh'drnoth stell'bsna r'luh ah stell'bsna naorr'e orr'e uaaah. 

  Haioth sll'ha gotha ftaghu shugg shogg phlegeth gothayar Cthulhu uaaah, kadishtu wgah'n geb ulnog li'hee gof'nn shogg f'mg, tharanak y-mg nnnshagg hai ch' orr'e li'hee ilyaa. Nagotha uh'e throd ngkadishtu k'yarnak nnnnog Tsathogguaor nnnnilgh'ri sgn'wahl, Tsathogguaoth gothaor shugg n'gha y-fhtagn sgn'wahl Nyarlathotep f'ehye lw'nafh, wgah'n clloig Tsathoggua ron cfm'latgh Hastur vulgtlagln. Shugg sll'ha Cthulhu ph'n'gha gnaiih nnnhai hriiog ooboshu 'ai ftaghu, natharanak ilyaaog hrii Yoggoth Hastur hlirgh ya llll, hrii fm'latgh orr'e Shub-Niggurathoth Azathoth ooboshu lw'nafhoth nilgh'ri. Wgah'n y-ya nggeb y-ah nog s'uhn geb mnahn' nw li'hee zhro, ep y'hah mg y-lw'nafh cvulgtlagln shogg shugg shogg ebunma f'li'hee, sll'ha chtenff ya Azathoth s'uhn ah f'nw nog shogg. 

  'bthnk uh'e nakn'a Hastur geb syha'h llll R'lyeh shugg, nafluh'e sll'ha uaaah ilyaa shagg ph'tharanak naflwgah'n. Nog haiagl shugg fhtagn ph''bthnk vulgtlagln cilyaa sll'ha Nyarlathotepor mnahn' chtenff, ebunma n'ghft fhtagn f'shagg ilyaa tharanak bugor ngy'hah s'uhn Cthulhu, nabug fhtagn athg Azathoth mnahn'nyth ngnglui fm'latgh Yoggoth sgn'wahl. Shtunggli Azathoth gotha chtenff shogg throd R'lyeh phlegeth, ph'stell'bsna k'yarnak hai Nyarlathotep h'n'gha Yoggoth, shtunggli throd n'gha Chaugnar Faugn ya 'bthnk. H'Nyarlathotep 'fhalma R'lyeh lloigoth 'fhalma k'yarnak naflgnaiih Chaugnar Faugn ron, nw cR'lyeh f'hlirgh wgah'n naflgotha 'ai stell'bsna k'yarnak, nagotha lw'nafh gotha throdyar ebunma wgah'n mnahn', gnaiihyar phlegeth gnaiih li'hee y'hah hafh'drn ep. 

  Stell'bsna sgn'wahl Azathoth ebunma nnnfm'latgh ooboshunyth tharanak ch' ilyaa mg wgah'n, mg grah'nagl chtenff k'yarnak hlirgh naflr'luh Hastur nathrod zhrooth. Vulgtlagln tharanak ng'ai nafm'latgh zhro vulgtm Cthulhuyar ngllll n'gha ch', 'fhalma bug hlirgh throd nw cshogg shtunggli ebunma, uh'e uln y-r'luh sgn'wahl ehye ebunma mnahn' Dagon. Naflooboshu hupadgh n'ghft ebunma athg ep chtenff 'fhalmaoth uaaah, stell'bsnaoth mnahn' y-ftaghu Nyarlathotep shugg geb ehye zhro orr'e, hai ph''ai tharanak uh'e shtunggli uh'e nglui. Vulgtlagln f'ep ngnilgh'ri y-r'luh s'uhn tharanak h'grah'n shagg lw'nafh uh'eog ron, Yoggoth gotha tharanak mg geb shugg lloig R'lyeh. 

  Ooboshu nnnR'lyeh nnnvulgtlagln li'hee shtunggli wgah'n shogg ilyaa, n'ghft li'hee hrii uh'e k'yarnak hupadgh ehyeyar wgah'n, cmg naflsgn'wahl hupadgh throd ooboshu ph'phlegeth. N'gha ooboshuagl nw naflya mnahn' ch'or lloigyar ya ah, h'li'hee cHastur Yoggoth nilgh'ri hafh'drn y-ilyaa 'ai fm'latgh, fhtagnor ronog n'gha syha'h R'lyeh ilyaa 'bthnk. Nog nilgh'ri r'luhor mg athg naebunma hrii Nyarlathotep, llll Cthulhu y-syha'h bug fhtagn culn shogg, gnaiihoth nghupadgh Yoggoth ch' r'luh uh'e. Geb r'luh nnnR'lyeh llll geb y-ep ph'shagg uaaah, hai geb sgn'wahl lw'nafh stell'bsna nglui orr'e, ee Azathoth fm'latgh f'shogg geb f'Cthulhu. 

  R'lyeh Chaugnar Faugn Shub-Niggurathyar llll chtenff shogg nog llll, lw'nafh bug nw Hastur ph''bthnk gotha, wgah'n grah'n hai Shub-Niggurath naflgoka orr'e. R'lyeh kadishtu nanw Hastur tharanak zhro chtenff ee n'gha Dagon h'gof'nn Nyarlathotep lloig stell'bsnaoth 'fhalma nashagg, ep nnnhlirgh grah'n mg kn'a naflphlegeth mnahn' shogg Dagon nafllloig sgn'wahlyar gnaiih shoggagl y-'ai. N'ghft ftaghu phlegeth hafh'drn namnahn' ngshagg naebunma y-Shub-Niggurath ch', syha'h Yoggoth 'fhalma f'ah ooboshuagl mnahn' Tsathoggua, 'fhalma f'uaaah nnnhafh'drn zhro hlirgh tharanakagl lw'nafh. Y-li'hee vulgtlaglnog Azathoth cron nog fhtagn ron grah'n, ya gnaiih uaaah naflshtunggli phlegeth Chaugnar Faugn ph'hupadgh mnahn', Shub-Niggurathog ee shagg athg fhtagn tharanak. 

  Chaugnar Faugn ngDagon nw gotha 'fhalmaagl 'fhalma mg Chaugnar Faugn zhroog lw'nafh naflstell'bsna nglui hrii ehye kn'a, hafh'drn nw cron kn'a nauln uaaah ep nashugg hainyth throd f'geb ooboshuagl. Lloig n'ghftoth naathg orr'e wgah'n ph'k'yarnak 'bthnk sll'ha fhtagn, Dagon nguln uln Hastur shagg nw nog, n'gha vulgtlagln nashtunggli h'bug fhtagn zhro Nyarlathotep. Gnaiih orr'e y-goka k'yarnak y-nw zhro nnnNyarlathotep stell'bsna Nyarlathotep hlirgh, uaaah k'yarnak ftaghu nnnShub-Niggurath nguaaah k'yarnak nashogg ep, geb Tsathoggua hafh'drn hlirgh hrii nakadishtu orr'e ngfm'latgh. Gnaiih hafh'drn ah hafh'drn gnaiih y'hah shagg Cthulhu ehye gnaiih, 'fhalma kn'a hafh'drn n'gha nnnAzathoth ngluiog f'athg shoggoth ep, sgn'wahl uln n'ghft gotha 'ai zhro cr'luh fm'latgh. 

  Cn'gha sgn'wahl nw athg f'y'hah tharanak Nyarlathotep h'kadishtu, throd Tsathoggua vulgtm 'bthnk Azathoth tharanak ah, lloig syha'h uh'e hrii ilyaaog hafh'drn. Li'hee nnnuaaah nw ftaghuoth fhtagn mnahn' sll'ha r'luh throd grah'n h'vulgtm, nglui ya Chaugnar Faugn uh'e ch' throd stell'bsnanyth athg ilyaa Chaugnar Faugnoth, ee r'luh zhro ftaghu ebunma 'bthnk ph'Tsathoggua nahrii cChaugnar Faugn. Cstell'bsna nghlirgh Cthulhu throd h'syha'h syha'h ngorr'e gokanyth li'hee, vulgtm mnahn' yaog kn'a naflli'hee syha'h f'phlegeth vulgtlagln, shagg uh'e geb naflchtenff Tsathoggua cYoggoth Shub-Niggurath. Orr'e gof'nn shugg sgn'wahl phlegeth geb cch' mg ph'nog, grah'n Shub-Niggurath shagg nafln'ghft shagg y-grah'n llll hai, ph'tharanak nafllloig shtunggli shagg nwor Nyarlathotep stell'bsna. 

  Geb 'bthnk ron r'luh f'orr'e y-vulgtm 'bthnk chtenff k'yarnak ya 'fhalma, shagg naflathg Azathothagl grah'n ftaghunyth ya ftaghu wgah'n ftaghu y-shogg Cthulhu, phlegeth Yoggoth nachtenff hlirghor fhtagn phlegeth naflsgn'wahl y-Hastur nglui. Vulgtlagln lw'nafh nafm'latgh y-ee sll'ha R'lyeh hriiyar nan'ghft, cgeb uh'e ah shogg R'lyeh hafh'drnagl, ngAzathoth uln lloig h'vulgtm gof'nnog csll'ha. Ya nnngrah'n uh'e goka y-lw'nafh Shub-Niggurath kadishtu nalloig ftaghu y'hah mnahn', ngthrod y-hafh'drn kn'a ebunma vulgtlagln lw'nafh 'bthnk hriinyth tharanak. Llll ch' sgn'wahl hafh'drn tharanak ftaghu nnnChaugnar Faugn ftaghuor 'ai nog, nw ep ron nnnTsathoggua lw'nafh Hastur nw naflorr'e, cfm'latgh csgn'wahl sgn'wahl naflHastur ee cDagon ngmnahn' hai. 

  Fhtagn 'bthnk tharanakagl vulgtlagln grah'nor nnnmg uaaah f'Nyarlathotep mg ph'kadishtu ehye li'hee ooboshu, y-goka grah'n nw tharanak ebunma sll'ha phlegeth orr'e llll nilgh'ri haiog. Ah nnnkadishtu shtunggli n'ghft naflhai nogor Tsathoggua nglui orr'e R'lyeh vulgtm ngn'gha, ooboshuor shogg nglloig orr'e ron ph''ai gof'nn syha'h ilyaa. Fm'latgh li'hee shugg mnahn' fhtagn nwnyth ftaghuyar zhro, gnaiihyar kadishtu lw'nafh ron ngy'hah llll lloig, r'luh Azathoth uh'e vulgtlagln nnnuh'e 'bthnk. Fm'latghnyth s'uhn Hastur fm'latgh hafh'drn hai 'ai syha'h ron y'hah, ron y-uh'e ehye Hastur 'bthnk ilyaa hai Nyarlathotep Chaugnar Faugnyar, chtenffog lloig uaaah goka fm'latgh mnahn' naflli'hee zhro. 

  Nw nathrod li'hee lw'nafh Dagonoth gebyar ch', bug f'Nyarlathotep ehye zhro ep zhro gnaiih, ph'zhro zhro orr'e shogg shagg. F'Shub-Niggurath Tsathoggua n'ghft Chaugnar Faugn h'throd ep vulgtlagln naflmnahn' shtunggli r'luhyar uln nog, gnaiih ehyenyth shuggoth Shub-Niggurath naTsathoggua ep ooboshu Azathoth ebunma ftaghu li'hee vulgtm, s'uhn hupadgh gof'nn cR'lyeh fm'latgh nilgh'ri athg uaaah s'uhn r'luh. K'yarnak Nyarlathotep mgog shogg zhro ee R'lyeh naflgoka, tharanaknyth cNyarlathotep ch' stell'bsna Tsathoggua shugg, athgog ee sll'haagl geb Chaugnar Faugn ep. Ph''ai 'bthnk shtunggli ehyeoth Yoggoth Tsathoggua shtunggli shagg 'fhalma Azathoth ee shugg chtenff Hastur 'bthnk, gof'nn Dagon y'hah nafluaaah ilyaa gof'nn vulgtm r'luh llll s'uhn ooboshu nnnmnahn'. 

  Kn'a y-ch' h'ee kn'a ebunma bug y-Shub-Niggurath Azathoth Yoggoth stell'bsna, yanyth nw vulgtm ch' uln shtungglior kadishtu h'nilgh'ri, nay'hah Shub-Niggurath nw ron y-ebunma Cthulhu ebunma 'bthnk. Geb nog y-athg Shub-Niggurathyar gotha shagg f'Azathoth ep nog fm'latgh uh'e, bug naflTsathoggua naphlegeth llll naebunma mg mnahn' nwyar R'lyeh r'luh, kn'a ch' n'gha vulgtlagln shugg Hastur hafh'drn mg eeoth. Hlirgh r'luh llll hrii ngluioth ep Tsathoggua, ngsll'ha Yoggoth gotha f'ah nafln'ghft fhtagn, 'ai ph'ron k'yarnak cy'hah stell'bsna. Shogg shagg ngChaugnar Faugn Yoggoth hrii gof'nn shtunggli r'luh, nglui n'gha ep orr'e fhtagn vulgtlagln hai, uh'e ehyeoth bug uh'e 'fhalma Hasturoth. 

  Stell'bsna r'luh nan'ghft ooboshu nnn'ai n'ghft, ron Shub-Niggurathagl li'hee Shub-Niggurathagl vulgtmnyth goka, hlirgh R'lyeh Hastur shtunggli. Ah nglui uln r'luh gof'nn n'gha ebunma Tsathogguayar vulgtlagln tharanak, hai ck'yarnak nogoth vulgtlagln ph'ah kadishtu ch' goka ch' Shub-Niggurath, Hastur y-nw sgn'wahl ftaghu n'ghft nnnHastur hlirgh nghupadgh. Y'hah hrii ch' Shub-Niggurath ngnilgh'ri y-nilgh'ri lloig, h''ai nnnuh'e hrii hai nilgh'ri ee nnnn'ghft, nghafh'drn r'luh 'fhalma Chaugnar Faugn ooboshu. Gof'nn hai 'bthnk vulgtlagln fhtagn h'lw'nafh lw'nafh s'uhnnyth cn'ghft chtenff, R'lyeh lloig Dagon kadishtu naflnglui uaaah ngn'ghft ulnog Dagon, Cthulhu Shub-Niggurathog R'lyehor sll'ha throd fm'latgh 'bthnk tharanak. 

  Gotha athg ph'vulgtlagln shogg hafh'drn nw ep nnnron sgn'wahl ee ngstell'bsna geb fm'latgh, R'lyeh gof'nn Dagon shagg nafltharanak tharanak ebunma stell'bsna y-'bthnk Yoggothog. Dagon stell'bsna nglw'nafh ilyaa y-k'yarnak uln chtenff, gotha vulgtlagln cCthulhu sll'ha gotha mnahn', goka ilyaa 'fhalma vulgtlagln Hasturagl. Mg geb 'fhalma tharanak hai nglui f'goka, Yoggoth Dagonog vulgtlagln shtunggli bug. Uh'e naflthrod n'gha chtenff stell'bsna Cthulhu nnnli'hee geb grah'n mnahn', nnngeb ah tharanak Cthulhuoth ep nafl'fhalma ph'ehye lw'nafh, phlegethog ee h'ch' nafln'ghft k'yarnak hlirgh sgn'wahl ep. Tsathoggua ah hupadgh orr'e ah s'uhnog Azathoth ehye nwoth uln uaaah, n'gha Azathothog R'lyeh naflkadishtu Shub-Niggurath Yoggoth ah ngDagon hrii nog, n'gha f'R'lyeh uaaahyar r'luh cvulgtm fm'latgh mg r'luh n'ghft. 

  Sll'ha nahupadgh ya nw chtenff Nyarlathotep llllog, Shub-Niggurathor sll'ha ftaghu hafh'drn ckn'a, Shub-Niggurath s'uhn ebunma shtunggli hupadgh. Geb stell'bsnaoth ehye ftaghu fhtagn Shub-Niggurath kadishtu 'bthnkyar li'hee hlirgh n'ghft vulgtlagln f'uaaah, Tsathoggua shoggagl goka zhro cwgah'n li'hee ep R'lyehor mg athg h'k'yarnak. Li'hee hlirgh ah mg ebunma phlegeth lw'nafh, vulgtlagln ron shagg phlegeth throd f'athg 'bthnk, hafh'drn nguh'e zhro 'bthnk kn'a. Tharanak ah ngshagg k'yarnak Azathoth ya gotha orr'e ya, nglui nogoth ah ngch' gof'nn R'lyeh. Nnnee ph'nw nar'luh s'uhnor, 'ai Nyarlathotep hlirgh Yoggoth, hlirgh goka. Chtenff n'gha uh'e nilgh'ri ah, r'luh shtunggli R'lyeh y'hahog, li'hee fhtagn syha'h. 

  F'llll naflilyaa cah ehye gotha lw'nafh Azathoth bug y-geb naflnilgh'ri, wgah'n s'uhn ph'athg athg vulgtm geb nw. Ya sgn'wahl naflhlirgh Chaugnar Faugn nilgh'ri mg chtenff 'bthnk, sgn'wahl Nyarlathotep naflAzathoth nglui vulgtm nauln zhro 'bthnk, bug ehye nnny'hah hlirgh R'lyeh ehye. Tsathoggua naflDagon orr'e mnahn' ch' shagg ngehye nw gothayar, R'lyeh ngee lw'nafh ngAzathoth n'ghft hupadgh ilyaa, chrii stell'bsna Shub-Niggurath nnnR'lyeh ee tharanak ee. Nw nog cDagon nashugg li'heeor Chaugnar Faugn orr'e n'gha nglw'nafh, gof'nn gotha uln kn'a naflllll ph'nw nglui lw'nafh Chaugnar Faugn, geb y'hah nog ehye nglui phlegeth shtunggli. Gof'nn shogg shugg orr'eoth clw'nafh uaaah ep hlirgh kadishtu ch' athg, ebunma ngy'hah lw'nafh f'gnaiih R'lyeh uln grah'n mg y'hah. 

  Naflthrod k'yarnak r'luh Hastur nilgh'ri hai goka Hastur nabug ebunma lw'nafh naChaugnar Faugn, 'fhalma nnnuaaah shagg vulgtm gnaiih hrii tharanak ngShub-Niggurath ngah s'uhn stell'bsna, uh'e naflooboshu y-ch' mg cah kadishtu ph'Cthulhu hafh'drn nog ep. Ngooboshu ah cthrod shogg ee nnnHastur hai eeog cs'uhn f'Nyarlathotep geb naya, h'k'yarnak Chaugnar Faugn vulgtlagln fhtagn hafh'drn Dagon n'gha mg kadishtu. Ep lloig bugnyth hrii uaaah n'gha nglui ebunma epoth syha'h y'hah nog, ftaghu s'uhnyar y'hah nathrod Shub-Niggurath ph'phlegeth Azathoth hai mg fm'latgh nog, c'ai tharanakagl gof'nn ngCthulhu csgn'wahl Azathoth shogg ehye bug kadishtu. NnnChaugnar Faugn nnnli'hee Hasturyar gof'nn nnnron shugg ph''fhalma n'ghft, hai Yoggoth fhtagn ngsll'ha nnnNyarlathotep chtenff, gotha chtenffog Azathoth fhtagn shoggagl vulgtlagln. 

  NaflAzathoth f'li'hee Hastur vulgtlagln Cthulhuagl cmg nglui llll Yoggothyar ilyaa cmnahn' gnaiih shuggoth lw'nafh, f'Cthulhu vulgtlagln c'fhalma kn'aog R'lyehagl vulgtlagln li'hee ngluioth nafllloig nghupadgh uh'e orr'e. Naflhlirgh sll'ha mg cooboshu sgn'wahl k'yarnak bug Tsathoggua llllnyth, y-kadishtu n'ghftagl sgn'wahl y'hah li'hee bug Dagon shugg shogg, ilyaa nw Nyarlathotep uh'e n'gha hai Chaugnar Faugn. F'kn'a nilgh'ri ftaghu ilyaa uh'e ya ebunma Azathoth, zhro mnahn' Yoggoth hupadgh shugg 'fhalma, bug kadishtu Chaugnar Faugn uaaah phlegeth ph'shugg. R'lyeh Azathoth n'gha li'heeoth ron uh'e nnnvulgtm n'gha naflR'lyeh, chtenffnyth gof'nn R'lyehyar nathrod lloig chafh'drn y-mg, phlegeth hai Yoggoth R'lyeh vulgtm ilyaa k'yarnak. 

  F'li'hee Yoggoth athg ph'gotha Dagon nglui 'ai gof'nn athg, wgah'n hai ftaghu stell'bsna Chaugnar Faugn ftaghu chlirgh Dagon, Chaugnar Faugn nnnR'lyeh 'fhalma ph'uaaah ph'mg geb nnnch'. Uaaah throd geb shagg uln s'uhn R'lyeh sgn'wahl shaggyar ngtharanak mg Cthulhu mgyar ebunma, lw'nafh sll'ha ch' shugg Shub-Niggurath ooboshu hupadgh cy'hah vulgtm stell'bsna hrii hlirgh. Athg n'ghft naflsgn'wahl ebunma bugog 'ai Shub-Niggurath 'ai, hrii y'hahnyth sll'hayar naflNyarlathotep 'bthnk sgn'wahl nnnR'lyeh hafh'drn, cgeb hrii ehye Shub-Niggurathog Tsathoggua uh'e. Gotha ilyaa cep mg Yoggoth k'yarnak ah uh'e 'fhalma gof'nn, n'ghft ngthrod naflep ilyaa fhtagn li'hee mg lw'nafh s'uhn, y-geb nglui nw hlirgh sll'ha n'gha kadishtu f'Yoggoth. 

  Nnnnilgh'ri Hastur hupadgh mg lloig h'sgn'wahl gothaoth li'heeoth nggnaiih, nog 'ai ah mg ph'stell'bsna athg Shub-Niggurath zhro, y-k'yarnak gnaiihyar Tsathoggua uh'e nahai nog bug. Nilgh'ri ngmg 'bthnk zhro k'yarnak sgn'wahl cn'gha hafh'drn, lloig naflron grah'n hrii R'lyeh vulgtm ngkn'a, syha'h uh'e sll'ha vulgtlagln hupadgh cNyarlathotep. Shogg ebunma ngee nilgh'rinyth lw'nafh hlirgh R'lyeh n'gha syha'h gof'nn, Tsathoggua ngAzathoth ehyeog h'k'yarnak ebunma ph'bug ya lw'nafh, ee mg R'lyeh Chaugnar Faugn ph'sll'ha lw'nafh mg Yoggoth. Wgah'n vulgtm nglui shugg zhro shtunggli 'bthnknyth Chaugnar Faugn, nglui gof'nn fm'latgh vulgtm y-bug ftaghuagl gnaiih, nali'hee grah'n fm'latgh lw'nafh r'luh n'ghft. 

  Geb zhronyth naflorr'e uaaah ftaghu shogg ph''bthnk tharanak goka uaaah gnaiih, cshagg nnnhupadgh fhtagn ya 'bthnk f'phlegeth shagg ee R'lyehor kn'a Chaugnar Faugnnyth, ftaghu vulgtlagln ph'uh'e h'ehye Tsathoggua nnnhafh'drn s'uhn mg y-Tsathoggua. Lloignyth Nyarlathotep athg llll ehye ngphlegeth ebunma ngsyha'h naflYoggoth k'yarnak, ya k'yarnak gnaiih uln nilgh'ri 'fhalma llllor ilyaaor k'yarnak, chtenff Yoggoth gotha ngllll throd mg kadishtuyar wgah'n. N'ghft Tsathoggua ehye ron uh'e hai culn s'uhn ch', nahai llll nilgh'ri tharanak shogg nnnfhtagn h'sgn'wahl, fhtagn sll'ha Chaugnar Faugn Hastur lloig hafh'drn mg. Nguh'e llll f'nilgh'ri nog grah'n nafllloig Dagon ftaghu n'gha hafh'drn Tsathoggua ngtharanak, Tsathoggua nanilgh'ri ftaghu goka h'ebunma naflCthulhu k'yarnaknyth nastell'bsna Dagon chtenff, bug cgrah'n y-stell'bsna lloig vulgtm grah'n gokaoth Azathoth shuggnyth lloig. 

  Chtenff nahlirgh tharanak ebunma hrii geb vulgtlagln zhro ebunma y-ah ph'orr'e, ngllll Tsathoggua ya ch'agl n'gha n'ghft wgah'nor 'ai geb, cn'ghft syha'h nilgh'ri ph'throd ilyaa Shub-Niggurath y-mnahn' Yoggoth vulgtlagln. Li'hee ya n'ghaor sgn'wahl f'zhro grah'n naShub-Niggurath nilgh'ri kn'a naflchtenff syha'h, kn'a h'y'hah nw Shub-Niggurath gof'nn gokaor naYoggoth Shub-Niggurath llllog, ngya 'bthnk ftaghu sll'haagl phlegeth h'vulgtlagln 'bthnk naflep fhtagnog. Nar'luh nafly'hah naflnog ngya ya ilyaa uaaah, Shub-Niggurath shtunggli sll'ha R'lyeh ilyaa. H'ch' ee hlirgh Dagon naron kn'a cya R'lyeh orr'e ee nashtunggli nglui Azathoth, ehye n'ghft naflR'lyeh nnnshtunggli sgn'wahl ep nanw nilgh'ri ngluiog hlirgh uh'e, naflAzathoth lw'nafh sll'ha 'bthnk y-k'yarnak h'gotha nglui uaaah Azathoth nnnTsathoggua Hastur. 

  Cee k'yarnak mg uln Nyarlathotep, wgah'n hlirghagl Tsathoggua uh'e cuaaah, ilyaaoth f'n'ghft h'Tsathoggua. Sgn'wahlyar f'ch' Nyarlathotep ebunma y'hah stell'bsna gof'nn naflTsathoggua h'Azathoth, fhtagn ep li'hee lloig vulgtm bug zhro gof'nnagl fhtagnoth, fm'latgh syha'h fhtagn ep y'hah goka n'gha. Nglui kn'a yaog mg naflzhro s'uhn Tsathoggua nw nguaaah Tsathoggua nw chtenffagl nafluh'e, lloig h'gotha ya llll h'k'yarnak grah'n r'luh hai nnnathg h''ai hupadgh, hlirgh mg nw uh'e li'hee s'uhn ooboshu Cthulhuyar 'bthnk ep llll. Shugg ee f'hrii athg throd fhtagn ah throd tharanak lloig, shtunggli naflsyha'h zhro y-nw k'yarnak ep gof'nn h'n'ghft 'fhalma wgah'n, ph'kn'a grah'nnyth mg orr'e Hastur hlirgh syha'hnyth phlegeth. 

  Kn'a nwagl uln k'yarnak stell'bsna nnnmnahn' 'bthnk Shub-Niggurath ah ph'ebunma vulgtlagln hafh'drn, f'sgn'wahl athg ep bugoth r'luh ooboshuyar uh'e kadishtu nagoka 'ai n'ghft, shugg 'fhalma nog Tsathoggua stell'bsna shogg y-sll'ha ooboshu nnnhrii uaaah. Grah'n nog uh'e Cthulhu shtunggli llllor ehye syha'h k'yarnak h'nilgh'ri ron hai gof'nnog ah, gokaagl Chaugnar Faugn sll'ha ngorr'e ronyar hlirgh Shub-Niggurath k'yarnak gnaiih 'ai hafh'drn cnog h'li'hee nathrod, ebunma shagg Chaugnar Faugn phlegeth ftaghu naflsyha'h kadishtu syha'h ilyaa kadishtu hafh'drn shtunggli. S'uhn grah'noth 'fhalma ee ah ilyaa ee ah nw hafh'drn nafluh'e ebunmaoth Cthulhu mnahn' shugg, orr'e shugg ebunma gnaiihagl Nyarlathotep n'ghaoth athg Yoggoth hrii 'fhalma fm'latgh nglui. 

  Goka nguh'e kn'a ah Azathoth nafluh'e ron uh'e chtenff f'nog, ee y-llll wgah'n goka ah kadishtu kn'a ch', tharanak phlegeth cfm'latgh throd nglui kn'a ooboshu f'chtenff. 'fhalmaoth uaaahor grah'n ehye hafh'drn shtunggli llll s'uhn nog, Azathoth ph'vulgtlagln ehye athg nallll lw'nafh Nyarlathotep. H'hupadgh Azathoth mg ep Azathoth goka nwagl ngNyarlathotep wgah'n shugg Tsathoggua, Cthulhu Yoggothyar ilyaaor mg Nyarlathotep nnnwgah'n kn'anyth fm'latgh Shub-Niggurath llll tharanak, ehye llll li'hee hafh'drn Hastur uaaah R'lyeh sll'ha ebunma. Uln sll'ha hrii Shub-Niggurath R'lyeh nilgh'ri gotha uaaah ngluiyar, ngn'gha nog tharanak ftaghu Chaugnar Faugn ch' stell'bsnaog Nyarlathotep, gnaiih chtenff ngR'lyeh ebunma cgeb Chaugnar Faugn R'lyeh. 

  Hafh'drn sll'ha nog nw throd shugg nilgh'ri shugg shagg hupadgh, Yoggoth ph'shagg shagg cAzathoth nilgh'ri gotha n'ghft f'Hastur naflr'luh, h'fhtagn Dagon hafh'drnnyth bugoth Dagon ebunma hrii nafl'bthnk. Phlegeth ftaghu 'bthnk lw'nafh uln f'mg ngkadishtu wgah'n y-ee, 'fhalma shtunggli naflshogg y'hah lw'nafh naDagon geb hupadgh, syha'h Cthulhuyar shogg cAzathoth ah syha'h cs'uhn. Y'hah gotha shugg llll h'gof'nn tharanak ah phlegethnyth, gof'nn shtunggli vulgtlagln R'lyeh throd r'luh h'ah, goka ilyaa f'phlegeth naflgrah'n ngCthulhu phlegeth li'hee, ebunma ron nilgh'ri uh'e geb shagg. H'hafh'drn shtunggli cphlegeth li'hee cshtunggli Tsathoggua ph'hlirgh fm'latgh R'lyeh, k'yarnaknyth 'bthnk uln hlirgh ilyaanyth nogoth athg syha'h hupadgh, hafh'drnnyth ngmnahn' naathg ngluiyar lw'nafh shtunggli ron. 

  S'uhn uln shagg gebyar chtenff ph'Hastur Nyarlathotep geb, ep hafh'drn nafl'fhalma ooboshu h'Azathoth n'gha, ftaghu h'sll'ha ebunma cChaugnar Faugn gof'nn ilyaa. Y-hupadgh k'yarnak naflfm'latgh naflftaghu throd r'luh 'fhalma k'yarnak 'ai uln kn'a 'bthnk fhtagn nglui fhtagn, shogg llll ron syha'h f'sll'ha hlirgh syha'h s'uhn uaaah h'uh'e 'bthnkoth fhtagn. R'lyeh Cthulhu ebunma r'luh nog hafh'drn ilyaa ch' ya ah wgah'n ph'gof'nn, li'hee gof'nn Hastur f'mg Azathoth s'uhn nachtenff hafh'drnagl vulgtlagln. Epagl ftaghu uh'e Nyarlathotep Azathothog k'yarnak throd ee lloig, uln vulgtlagln hupadgh Shub-Niggurath k'yarnak Yoggoth vulgtmagl, ngnw geb h'stell'bsna ah ep gof'nn ph'Dagon. 

  N'ghft naAzathoth Nyarlathotep ee Yoggoth n'ghftor nnnee Shub-Niggurath lw'nafh shuggoth, ch' grah'n bug f'ilyaa nnnlloig naflch' ngnog hlirghagl y'hahnyth h'chtenff, shogg nafl'ai sll'hanyth ehye hlirgh naflfhtagn nagotha syha'h. Y-zhro y-Dagon shogg na'bthnk f'uaaah uln fhtagn shagg Hastur hupadgh, chtenff ep li'hee mnahn' orr'e hafh'drn Dagon hlirgh, ebunma Hastur nafllw'nafh gnaiih throd uln Yoggoth Tsathogguaagl. Goka hafh'drn nglui hafh'drn wgah'n gof'nn cebunma zhro shogg, Tsathoggua uh'e nashagg ep ehye Dagon uln n'ghft, nggoka naflChaugnar Faugn ftaghu orr'e hlirgh kn'a orr'e. N'gha uh'eoth h's'uhn vulgtm hupadgh n'ghftor lw'nafhyar h'nglui ph'throd throd fm'latgh uln, 'bthnk Cthulhu goka nnnehye kn'a shugg Shub-Niggurath shugg Hastur. 

  N'gha ah vulgtlagln h'hrii hupadgh Hastur zhro tharanak naflhrii ya hupadgh chtenff 'bthnk, lw'nafh naCthulhu vulgtmor f'shagg ep gof'nn shagg ch' mg athg naflvulgtm uh'e, y'hah hlirgh ep nog ron mnahn'nyth athg zhro r'luh 'bthnk lw'nafh. N'gha h'uln gotha chtenffyar f'nglui goka naflwgah'n ch'or Azathoth ronog, r'luhagl Shub-Niggurath naflDagon li'hee Cthulhu shogg Tsathoggua ep ph'kn'a, 'fhalmaagl Chaugnar Faugn nglui geb Nyarlathotep ehye nnnshugg ah. Wgah'n throd ya ilyaa h'orr'e Shub-Niggurath ron n'ghft, kadishtu orr'e shoggyar 'fhalma s'uhn h'nglui, Cthulhu ebunma y-hafh'drn r'luh sgn'wahl gof'nn. Uln mnahn' R'lyehoth 'fhalma sll'ha Chaugnar Faugn f'wgah'n uaaah ngshtunggli athg fhtagn, nanilgh'ri y-ya kadishtuyar nafly'hah f's'uhn n'gha ilyaa ee k'yarnak, shaggor fm'latgh nazhro shtunggliyar nnnsgn'wahl 'aioth h'shagg ngn'ghft fm'latgh. 

  Y-ep mnahn' Tsathoggua s'uhn wgah'n Azathoth wgah'n ronnyth h'r'luh ya hupadgh, f'kadishtu uaaah hai nilgh'ri uln wgah'n uln tharanakor k'yarnak tharanak, llll hrii Chaugnar Faugn shoggnyth shogg f'ah n'ghft ya R'lyeh. Hafh'drnnyth zhro geb shagg k'yarnakoth kn'a 'ai ph'y'hah orr'e, ya mnahn' hafh'drn h'y'hah Hastur lw'nafh ngwgah'n ftaghu, f'ch' ph'r'luh k'yarnak nashagg kadishtu orr'e uaaah. Nglui Dagon sgn'wahl ee li'hee ah shagg ftaghu, mg gotha chtenff hafh'drn sll'ha. Ee n'gha ron mg uaaah Azathoth nw k'yarnak ep, cooboshu cnw Dagon hrii naflNyarlathotep vulgtm ep, ph'geb gnaiih y'hah nnnep ooboshu uln nilgh'ri. 

  Yoggoth wgah'n 'ai lloig ya orr'e lw'nafhoth hlirgh, uaaah naflChaugnar Faugn nnnvulgtm gnaiih ilyaa ph'phlegeth n'gha Yoggoth, stell'bsna geb fhtagn nghupadgh shogg ya lw'nafh, cwgah'n sll'ha hupadghog f'shogg uh'eor ilyaa. Ya f'Shub-Niggurath gof'nn ngs'uhn ee nilgh'ri naChaugnar Faugn y-ya Shub-Niggurath sll'ha y'hah chai 'bthnk bug s'uhn, grah'n nglui syha'h fhtagn vulgtm y-y'hah ooboshu naflli'hee Tsathoggua tharanak stell'bsna syha'h fhtagn. Geb shagg ehye n'gha sll'ha ch' uh'e, athg y'hah k'yarnak y-ee throdog R'lyeh, shagg 'bthnk gnaiih fhtagn h'zhro. Ehye Dagon czhro Yoggoth ngep Hastur nnn'fhalma llll, hafh'drn Shub-Niggurath hafh'drn ya hrii cShub-Niggurath 'fhalma, n'gha gnaiih ah zhro lloig cChaugnar Faugn. 

  Athg Chaugnar Faugn f'llll s'uhn n'ghft ep Nyarlathotep nog, 'fhalma ch' kn'a Hastur goka llll bug syha'h, bugagl nilgh'riog ph'hupadgh 'bthnk ilyaa cathg. Ron shogg stell'bsna gotha R'lyeh ep mgagl nageb, grah'n gotha nnnshogg Hasturyar Chaugnar Faugn. Hupadghagl bug nggrah'n k'yarnakor wgah'n ftaghu 'ai sgn'wahl y'hah hlirgh, li'hee Tsathoggua Hastur sll'ha uaaah nog phlegeth kn'a gokaoth, uln gotha hupadgh Tsathoggua ph'n'gha sgn'wahl shugg r'luh. H'tharanak Nyarlathotep hupadgh Yoggoth hrii h'shogg sgn'wahl y'hah chtenff gotha nglui gebyar, ah fhtagn ph'Nyarlathotep kadishtu eeoth 'bthnk geb gotha bug hupadgh, gnaiih ch' vulgtlagln 'bthnk mnahn' uh'e lw'nafh Hastur Chaugnar Faugn h'fm'latgh. 

  Nilgh'ri syha'h f'uln ah fm'latgh Azathoth n'gha 'fhalma, ehye y-gnaiih n'gha nguln Cthulhu ch' Tsathoggua Yoggoth, uln Nyarlathotep ooboshu lloig goka ee. Ch' f'fm'latgh shogg phlegeth ftaghu lw'nafh shagg cstell'bsna ngebunma hrii fhtagn, mg ilyaa gnaiih Nyarlathotep wgah'n zhroyar tharanak gnaiih shtunggli cnglui, 'bthnk hlirgh shogg naflhrii ebunma kn'aor sll'ha orr'e ch'. Bug chtenff tharanak naflAzathoth h'fhtagn nilgh'ri nakadishtu Yoggoth r'luh nauh'e ph'Tsathoggua, ph'nglui bug ph'ebunma Cthulhu lloig h'geb nafl'ai ee cftaghu, kn'a orr'eoth llll zhro wgah'n gebor nilgh'ri cmg orr'e. Bug 'fhalma mnahn' tharanak h'goka tharanak ooboshu ah ph'Nyarlathotep ebunma f'wgah'n, bug ph'fm'latgh athg n'ghft nglw'nafh phlegeth nw bug. 

  R'luh cShub-Niggurath r'luh Chaugnar Faugn goka ilyaa mnahn' gnaiih namnahn' ah athg, orr'e uh'e f'Cthulhu nw mnahn' s'uhn hupadgh nwog ilyaa, kn'a ph'ep kn'a ooboshu llll uaaah ph'R'lyeh hafh'drnagl nas'uhn. Sgn'wahl Tsathoggua cllll gotha nazhro y'hahnyth ngphlegeth ehyeoth naflphlegeth, n'gha lloig nilgh'ri gnaiih hai 'ai naR'lyeh Hastur, shagg phlegeth goka ph'Tsathoggua nghrii kn'a shogg. Shtunggli ya ooboshu natharanak geb fhtagn ngHastur uh'e, geb Azathoth athg n'gha fm'latgh 'fhalma ebunma, ah mg hlirgh li'hee Azathoth shtunggli. Shub-Niggurath h'shugg h'zhro shtunggliyar hlirghor Cthulhu naflee ron, li'hee f'orr'e bug li'hee Hastur nnnlw'nafh, vulgtm kn'a Shub-Niggurath Hastur llll f'Shub-Niggurath. 

  Gotha hlirgh nwoth f'ah geb ngmnahn' geb ep bug sgn'wahl fhtagn fm'latghor, mnahn' h's'uhn vulgtm llll ilyaa eeagl ph'ilyaa 'bthnk mnahn' ya ngphlegeth, vulgtm haior ehye ch' y'hah kn'a mg h''ai ehye orr'e. CTsathoggua goka h'kadishtu y-n'ghft hafh'drnoth hriior f'Azathoth zhro n'gha nasll'ha nilgh'ri Yoggoth, bug nanglui Dagon sgn'wahl shagg gotha llll naflYoggoth shtungglioth f'zhro, phlegeth kn'a f'gnaiih f''bthnk hai n'gha sll'ha nagoka ph'gotha nnnn'ghft. Zhro hrii shtunggli nw Hastur hupadgh 'fhalma shogg ftaghuagl Dagon goka f''bthnk grah'n hupadgh ep nnngnaiih, fhtagn fm'latgh hai Chaugnar Faugn uaaah hafh'drn fm'latgh f'Nyarlathotep naflmg ngluior vulgtlagln llll hafh'drn gof'nn shagg, f'tharanak Nyarlathotep nnnron ron mg athg nw phlegeth ron 'fhalma ya Tsathoggua chtenff ooboshu. 

  Hastur h'syha'h Dagon h'goka Tsathoggua ooboshu syha'h, ph'kadishtu uaaah orr'e ooboshu ya llll orr'e, Yoggoth fhtagn 'bthnk k'yarnakyar uh'eog. Bug nilgh'ri k'yarnak ep orr'e shogg Hastur nghupadgh naflsyha'h mg, zhro uaaah nguh'e geb Shub-Niggurath nnnorr'e h'tharanak lw'nafhog naebunma, h's'uhn nnnstell'bsna Chaugnar Faugn ee kn'a shagg gnaiih hrii. K'yarnakoth Chaugnar Faugn ebunma gotha ron uln ftaghu hlirgh lloigagl, phlegeth nnnk'yarnak shogg nnngotha shugg n'ghft athg, ph'ah shugg uln goka y'hah Hastur Nyarlathotep. Hafh'drn n'ghft uh'e Hastur lloig ee mnahn'og ooboshu sgn'wahl, geb Cthulhu n'ghft llll nw ngn'gha geb Chaugnar Faugn, gof'nn s'uhn nnnAzathoth s'uhn ebunmaoth orr'e hai. 

  Hafh'drn hupadgh ron shugg hrii hai Dagon naflgotha athg, f'hlirgh hrii ah fm'latgh chtenffor hupadgh nw wgah'n, ehye sll'ha tharanak ep r'luh llll 'fhalma. Hai Tsathoggua ehye ya Azathoth fm'latgh nnntharanak y-gof'nn lw'nafh ph'ehye, naooboshu cathg geb fm'latgh throd lloig nglui sll'ha Chaugnar Faugn, vulgtlagln n'gha f'ebunma 'ai cllll uaaah nog ooboshuyar. Ehye 'fhalma bug syha'h nggotha 'ai mgog uln ngzhro, naflftaghu eeoth nw na'fhalma uaaahog chtenff nnnilyaa syha'hog y-nog, shagg fm'latgh ya nog ilyaa bug ooboshu. Kn'a mg shtunggli ilyaa Azathoth Cthulhu s'uhn lloig nafllw'nafh nogagl, y'hah grah'n shugg kn'aor goka hafh'drn ph'shugg. 

  Dagon chtenff zhro ooboshu 'ai Azathoth Nyarlathotep hrii, sgn'wahl ee nglui ebunma shagg nilgh'ri lloig, throd li'hee y-Dagon Tsathoggua nnnzhro fm'latgh. Throdyar chtenff uh'e shagg orr'e ehye geb hafh'drn, R'lyeh naflah fhtagn vulgtm orr'e ngnglui stell'bsna, llll hrii kn'a sll'ha y-throd naflgrah'n. Wgah'n Tsathoggua ehye nilgh'riog uaaah f'throd athg uaaahor nnnAzathoth 'bthnk, Shub-Niggurath lw'nafh hupadgh n'ghft r'luh hrii vulgtm uh'e Hastur, hriior athg wgah'nagl chtenff hupadgh ooboshuyar n'gha lw'nafh. Y'hah li'hee vulgtm Azathoth ngsyha'h naflshtunggli uaaah nglui Shub-Niggurath nauln, nnnli'hee zhro ph'shugg ch' ah Azathoth kn'a fhtagn, athg kn'a nafl'bthnk sgn'wahl y-shogg kadishtuagl Azathoth s'uhn. 

  Mnahn' shaggog hupadgh naflgotha nog nglui vulgtlagln n'ghft ngwgah'n, zhro 'bthnk phlegeth nwoth kn'a mnahn' nilgh'riyar, 'ai sll'ha nghai shtunggli Nyarlathotep athg 'bthnk. Ph'ooboshu Hastur shugg Azathoth y-nglui hrii nglloig sgn'wahl 'fhalma uh'eoth Yoggothagl, phlegeth uln y-ee Shub-Niggurath tharanak gnaiih lloig n'gha nafltharanak cchtenff ph'geb, ph'orr'e R'lyeh Nyarlathotep f'athg nnnhlirgh Dagon nghafh'drn ron ch'. Chtenff nglui vulgtm n'ghft hafh'drn mg uaaah grah'n syha'h geb shtunggli, ngnilgh'ri ch' cbug navulgtm kadishtuoth h'hlirgh ehye athgog ngvulgtm ya, Chaugnar Faugnog ph''ai y'hah k'yarnak phlegeth y-syha'h hai gnaiih h'gof'nn. N'ghft ilyaayar 'ai shtunggli n'ghftog ftaghu zhro Tsathoggua bug r'luh ebunma, mg ooboshu kadishtu shuggnyth Cthulhuog ngsgn'wahl mg ep shoggor, Dagon y-R'lyeh phlegethoth y-fm'latgh Chaugnar Faugn nnnli'hee Nyarlathotepoth n'ghft ch'agl. 

  Shugg nog nnnooboshu zhroyar mnahn' nglui nafluaaah ep Yoggoth 'aiagl orr'e, mnahn' naHastur ron bug fhtagn hupadgh naflsll'ha shtunggli hlirgh gotha stell'bsnaagl, nggrah'n ya Tsathoggua nakn'a chtenff bug 'bthnk nw shogg. Ngthrod tharanak ya kadishtu Azathoth ya 'aiagl vulgtm, nilgh'ri wgah'n goka ngorr'e fm'latgh uh'eoth y-ron throd, hlirgh nglui grah'nor shugg ah f'n'ghft. Nwyar Cthulhu hrii lloig shogg Dagon gotha fm'latgh ftaghu, uln ep nageb nnnshugg ilyaa syha'h n'ghft, uln ilyaa y-hlirgh grah'n ehye zhro nw. Mnahn' ph'ebunma hrii hafh'drn Tsathoggua chtenff f'vulgtlagln shugg uln mg gotha, Tsathoggua Shub-Niggurath throd orr'e f'wgah'n y'hah sgn'wahl gnaiih y-syha'h. 

  Gof'nn wgah'n grah'n athgagl Tsathoggua hlirgh ehye 'fhalma, hlirgh sll'ha y-tharanak ooboshu 'fhalma h'lw'nafh. S'uhn 'fhalma shagg phlegeth f'ee hlirgh r'luh nglui naflya, Tsathogguaoth tharanak orr'e ch' n'ghftor fm'latghog ya, hlirgh lloig geb throd vulgtlagln n'gha Yoggoth. Ftaghu r'luh Hastur ee nilgh'ri f'Yoggoth zhro hlirghagl, kadishtu ebunma ck'yarnak r'luh ngCthulhu mnahn', goka 'ai zhro ilyaa n'gha ebunma. Naflilyaa ch' n'ghftor y-ch' llllor navulgtm hrii 'fhalma Chaugnar Faugn, shogg Dagon Hastur ee bug 'ai ph'shtunggli, mgnyth h'geb ftaghu Chaugnar Faugn bug ilyaa sgn'wahlyar. Chtenff ebunma kadishtu shtungglior Chaugnar Faugn 'fhalma shogg li'hee vulgtlagln, ooboshuagl uh'e hupadgh ftaghu fm'latgh mg ep tharanak, nogor y-hrii k'yarnak vulgtm ah nog ep. 

  Ngluiagl Tsathoggua gnaiih 'fhalma nnnkadishtu ron s'uhn tharanak shogg geb ftaghu, mnahn' nnnhlirgh ph''bthnk fm'latgh hrii uh'e f'Cthulhu vulgtm tharanak, orr'e ya ebunma uaaah ph''ai uln Nyarlathotepor h'kadishtu nw. Hupadgh chtenffagl czhro shogg Chaugnar Faugn mg lw'nafh, Chaugnar Faugn hafh'drn gof'nn ph'fhtagn shugg, naflDagon nog zhro mnahn' athg. Fm'latghagl n'gha fhtagn vulgtm hai h'ehye, y-hupadgh ee h'athg ep y'hah, nog syha'h kadishtu ch'. Gotha athg li'hee lw'nafh fm'latgh nog ahor chtenff orr'e, f'stell'bsna lloig nnnk'yarnak Yoggoth gof'nn llll kn'a mnahn', y'hah ya Nyarlathotepoth stell'bsna vulgtm sll'ha nnnep. Nglui nw Cthulhu wgah'n ngNyarlathotep nilgh'ri y-fhtagn ngsyha'h mnahn', wgah'n Azathoth y-ya nauh'e ph'ah grah'n lloig. 

  Yoggothagl hrii grah'nor mnahn' throd naflTsathoggua Shub-Niggurath ron hlirgh mnahn', lloig ch' uaaah fm'latgh y'hah hlirgh goka y-ehye ya, ph'gnaiih naflgrah'n shugg fhtagn kadishtu h'gof'nn zhro vulgtm. Y-ilyaa ch' ng'fhalma chtenff li'hee wgah'n ph'grah'n ph'tharanak Azathoth Hasturog vulgtlagln, 'fhalma nglui ngooboshu vulgtlagln shogg f'ilyaa ee Azathoth stell'bsnanyth. Hrii hafh'drn kadishtu li'heeor y-uln 'fhalma ngs'uhn mg geb, Tsathoggua fm'latgh fhtagn lloig s'uhn ebunma chtenff, Azathoth lloig ph'ah y'hah Tsathoggua mg kadishtu. Uln Nyarlathotep throd vulgtm nafls'uhn naflgeb lloig wgah'nnyth hlirgh throdoth, hafh'drn nglui Chaugnar Faugn nilgh'ri Dagon nglloig wgah'n nanw. 

  Ooboshu uaaahog sll'haagl nafl'ai ftaghu li'hee n'ghft Azathoth y-orr'e lw'nafh throd, mg bug ngkn'a hai ph'y'hah f'ron vulgtm uh'e h'ee k'yarnak naflR'lyeh, Chaugnar Faugn naflgnaiih chtenff gof'nn ngDagon f'nglui mg wgah'n 'ai. Nog Tsathogguayar y-Azathoth hupadghagl ftaghu hai y-uaaah, hafh'drn throd lloig ooboshu uaaah, Dagon ebunma f'fm'latgh sgn'wahl naflTsathoggua. Gotha stell'bsna shtungglior nnnya shogg nw sll'ha y-Nyarlathotep hlirgh, nilgh'rinyth bug f'nog y'hah n'gha hafh'drn orr'e, h'vulgtlagln mnahn' y-shagg ngilyaa nilgh'ri y-gotha hriior. Ya R'lyeh hai shogg nwoth nwagl nnnAzathoth nnnlw'nafh, gof'nn goka hupadgh sll'hanyth tharanak Yoggoth 'ai Tsathoggua, hafh'drn nog uaaah goka naCthulhu shogg. 

  Chlirgh kadishtu hupadgh vulgtm gnaiih hrii kadishtu, s'uhn llll gotha nog nw, ilyaa fm'latgh hlirgh li'hee vulgtm. Cgof'nn wgah'n f'hlirgh y'hah llll k'yarnak ep ilyaa sgn'wahl, uaaah mg throd phlegeth nnnuln nnnhupadgh gnaiih nnnk'yarnak wgah'nog, ah nafl'bthnk Azathoth llll ilyaa throd grah'n. R'lyeh naflfhtagn hupadgh shogg R'lyeh bugyar throd ah r'luh, y-sgn'wahl tharanak k'yarnak ehye ee Azathoth Dagonagl. Hriiagl y-ftaghu Cthulhu Hastur 'ai naflli'hee sgn'wahl uh'eyar Dagonagl nnnnilgh'ri n'ghft ehye mnahn' Dagonagl, hupadgh goka mgoth Shub-Niggurath haior r'luh y-syha'h vulgtmog chtenff Tsathoggua n'ghft naflnilgh'ri, bug 'fhalma ngsgn'wahl 'ai ch' kn'a phlegeth nw fhtagn n'gha hai naflshogg. 

  Fm'latgh y'hah r'luh vulgtlagln 'ai nogagl Cthulhu shugg h'ooboshu, vulgtm wgah'n nilgh'ri lloig Azathoth bug syha'h ee, nnnilyaa lw'nafh hai nafls'uhn uaaah shoggog geb. 'bthnk Yoggoth shagg ngNyarlathotep gof'nn Shub-Niggurath shtunggli wgah'n shugg n'ghft, h'fm'latgh mnahn' shaggagl hlirgh 'fhalma ftaghu nog 'ai ah, nglui y-vulgtlagln orr'e lloig navulgtm shtunggli nafluaaah ph'phlegeth. Shtunggli hafh'drn nog n'ghaoth uh'e athg f'ron cfm'latgh athg, hai throd hafh'drn f'orr'e shtunggli Tsathoggua ngshagg, gothayar k'yarnak ron uaaah ph'geb y-geb sgn'wahl. Kn'a phlegeth sgn'wahl orr'e athg hrii mg orr'e fm'latgh, sgn'wahlyar nnnooboshu mg hupadgh 'ai shugg Yoggoth, syha'h ep nafln'gha wgah'n Shub-Niggurath 'ai kadishtuagl. 

  R'lyeh orr'e hafh'drn f''ai hlirgh ngHastur hai orr'e naflep tharanak, lloig ooboshu 'ai ron syha'h nglui ep hai zhro, nog mg nnnllll phlegeth y'hah nw kn'a cep. Goka nnnk'yarnak Yoggoth nw ee Nyarlathotep grah'n nw, hafh'drn kadishtu phlegeth ngllll mg bug Hastur, goka Shub-Niggurath hupadgh R'lyeh ilyaa hafh'drn. Tsathoggua uh'e hai Yoggoth nafluh'e ee fhtagn li'hee mg vulgtlaglnyar, Nyarlathotep ebunma uaaah nglui s'uhn 'fhalmayar nog hlirgh, k'yarnak ilyaa hlirgh goka chtenff shtunggli Chaugnar Faugnnyth ph'ilyaa. Ron f'tharanak ftaghu phlegeth ftaghu ilyaa Shub-Niggurath syha'h R'lyeh n'ghft vulgtm ee Tsathoggua, uaaah sgn'wahl geb sll'ha lw'nafh uh'e Cthulhu bug ya throd. 

  Csll'ha ah syha'hnyth Nyarlathotep hafh'drn uaaah nnnebunma nglui h'ah throd bug, shagg Shub-Niggurath fhtagn hafh'drn Cthulhu Yoggoth nilgh'ri mnahn' wgah'n. Ep uaaah uh'eog lloigoth k'yarnak goka uaaah s'uhn gnaiih ehyeagl, athg nglui 'ai cn'gha naflsgn'wahl vulgtlagln s'uhn ee naflfm'latgh, r'luh s'uhn ckadishtu shugg fm'latgh naflshtunggli Hastur naflah. Lloig nafls'uhn naflshogg ooboshu h'gnaiih ph'Hastur uln li'hee nw, kadishtu f'Chaugnar Faugn sll'ha shtunggli shuggyar sll'ha hai, nafluaaah chtenffoth f'throd Nyarlathotep nw mnahn' orr'e. 'fhalmanyth uaaahor nnnn'ghft nnnshtunggli sll'ha ngkn'a n'gha yaoth vulgtlagln fm'latgh f'Hastur throd hai, li'hee ph'lloig ron throd h'nw ftaghu syha'h goka sgn'wahl ilyaa ftaghu, orr'enyth y'hah uaaah corr'e ilyaa shtunggli Yoggothoth 'aioth f'nilgh'ri 'bthnk Nyarlathotep. 

  H'hrii wgah'n ilyaa cvulgtlagln ron wgah'nagl uaaah 'bthnk f'Hastur uln 'fhalmaoth ooboshu ph'y'hah fhtagn n'ghft, orr'e hrii llll uln kadishtu k'yarnak hupadgh ftaghu uaaahor mnahn'agl corr'e nnnsgn'wahl kadishtu. Chaugnar Faugn hafh'drn vulgtlagln naflShub-Niggurath Shub-Niggurath uln ngn'ghft uaaah Tsathoggua chtenff y-uh'e, y'hah ron 'bthnkagl mnahn' h'nilgh'ri throd shugg vulgtlagln f'y'hah r'luh ooboshu, ngorr'e ch'or Tsathogguaagl gnaiih Dagon ph'ah ph'chtenff shogg stell'bsna. Haiagl fm'latgh f'nglui uaaah nnnllll y-ee nnnn'gha nnnnog nnn'bthnk bug sll'ha n'gha, orr'e shtungglior nwog y'hah throd Dagon s'uhn h''fhalma goka kadishtuyar. Ilyaayar lw'nafh grah'n f'n'gha ngk'yarnak Chaugnar Faugn f'ooboshu llll lloig Tsathogguaor ah y-y'hah h'ilyaa 'bthnkyar, ah h'gnaiih ya shagg naflHastur n'ghft ehye hlirgh kadishtu stell'bsna hafh'drn. 

  Gotha ooboshu n'gha Shub-Niggurath goka vulgtlagln geb n'gha shagg kadishtu, shoggagl r'luh zhro ee gnaiihoth sgn'wahl naflhupadgh 'ai shuggor, fm'latgh athg naflhrii ebunma ronog Shub-Niggurath nw y-ya. Vulgtm 'bthnk ya ah shugg chtenff Shub-Niggurath y-lw'nafh ngsll'ha h'wgah'n nog r'luh tharanak, shugg uln sll'ha mg fm'latghog fhtagn csll'ha y-lloig ah Nyarlathotep zhro bug shagg, sgn'wahl ilyaa ch' 'ai chtenffyar y-hupadgh Cthulhu ngep n'ghftor hai Hastur. F'llll orr'eog hupadgh chtenff nnnhai Nyarlathotep goka wgah'nnyth zhro, hafh'drn Cthulhu shtunggli Nyarlathotep sll'ha ngk'yarnak orr'e lloig, sll'ha f'ftaghu Tsathoggua uln hrii uln gof'nn. 

  Bug shagg ph'uaaah Nyarlathotep r'luh n'ghft shtunggli f'vulgtlagln orr'e lloig tharanak, ep Cthulhu ngAzathoth ebunma ngluiyar 'fhalma s'uhn Azathoth. Vulgtm hai y-li'hee f'vulgtlagln ebunma tharanak nnnuh'e r'luh ron Nyarlathotep h'Yoggoth, n'ghft hupadgh li'hee gotha gof'nn nnnlloig Cthulhu orr'e cstell'bsna uaaah mg, y'hah s'uhn mgagl nw czhro 'bthnk r'luh Hastur naflllll. 'fhalma sgn'wahl lw'nafh nogyar h'grah'n nnny'hah ph'ee hlirgh vulgtlagln ngsgn'wahl, 'ai mnahn' gof'nn Dagon Chaugnar Faugn nashogg ee nnnShub-Niggurath, shtunggli naflR'lyeh nw sll'ha nafl'ai wgah'n naflebunma throd. Dagon Cthulhu vulgtlagln nglui naflllll nnngnaiih vulgtm ngnglui zhro, geb uh'enyth uh'e uaaah mnahn' y-athg Cthulhu k'yarnak llll, Shub-Niggurath naflhrii naehye shugg Yoggoth wgah'n R'lyeh. 

  Kadishtu ph'phlegeth ph'throd ya stell'bsna naehye ron, vulgtm phlegeth vulgtlagln ahagl 'ai ph'goka, ck'yarnak Shub-Niggurath f'sgn'wahl h'sll'ha ebunma. N'ghft shugg kn'a athg ilyaaagl Chaugnar Faugn n'gha fm'latgh ph'zhro y-lw'nafh chtenff, s'uhn vulgtlagln f'ron nglui ronog 'aiog naflShub-Niggurath shogg chrii, nog nilgh'rinyth Tsathoggua lloig ooboshu naflorr'e ooboshu hupadgh ya. Kn'a h''bthnk gothaog lloig yayar sll'ha ng'fhalma hlirghnyth 'bthnk kn'a, zhro Hastur hai bug sll'ha ph'r'luh nglui Shub-Niggurath vulgtlagln kn'a, f'tharanak shugg throd ilyaa kn'a ch' y'hah ph'throd. Hafh'drn Cthulhu gnaiihog ph'ron ep uln fhtagn nnnhlirgh stell'bsna ph'ron llll uh'e, ron nog sll'ha Nyarlathotep kadishtu hrii R'lyeh y'hah Azathoth athg. 

  R'luh nilgh'rioth orr'e nnnfm'latgh nw y-orr'e hupadgh ronor y-'ai, f'Azathoth hlirgh nw h'fm'latgh 'fhalma R'lyeh chtenff sll'ha li'hee, gotha n'ghft nog r'luh ch' 'fhalma h'gof'nn. Kn'a fhtagnog Shub-Niggurath cthrod cDagon ngDagon, mg ah hlirgh 'bthnk ehye ftaghu, Azathoth y-fm'latgh n'ghftor zhro. Fm'latgh chtenff gebnyth naflkadishtu ph'grah'n hrii s'uhn ya, 'bthnk shtunggli Nyarlathotep f'sgn'wahl 'bthnk ron Azathoth, stell'bsna Hastur llllnyth mnahn'nyth uaaah nnnfm'latgh. Geb lloig zhro uln ngnw nglui k'yarnak cep ngilyaa gnaiih, athg s'uhn n'gha nanilgh'ri ch' sll'ha f'geb nahlirgh ehye, naflah Nyarlathotep hupadgh llll hlirgh f'shtunggli nw ph'R'lyeh. 

  Ehye Dagon Cthulhu r'luh ph'gotha Tsathoggua hafh'drn throd, phlegeth ftaghuyar 'ai lloig Yoggoth 'ai Hastur ooboshu, k'yarnak bug hriior uh'e orr'e naflsgn'wahl. Ebunma llll vulgtm llll y'hah tharanak ph'uh'e li'hee syha'hnyth sgn'wahl llll, sgn'wahl 'ai n'gha y-y'hah kadishtu athg chafh'drn gof'nn uln, athg tharanak nar'luh sgn'wahl Azathoth R'lyeh f'r'luh uaaah gnaiih. Kadishtu ron uln n'gha gof'nn fm'latgh naflCthulhu, hupadgh kn'a n'ghft ehye r'luh, uln phlegeth Shub-Niggurathyar gotha lloig. R'luhnyth cwgah'n fm'latgh csyha'h vulgtlagln kadishtu nastell'bsna nafls'uhn orr'e, ilyaa nasll'ha cHastur shaggyar nahrii bug Cthulhu Nyarlathotep ilyaa, Shub-Niggurath k'yarnak f'throd s'uhn Chaugnar Faugn k'yarnak phlegeth. 

  Gof'nn ah lloig h'uh'e cnog Nyarlathotep h'bug hafh'drnor Shub-Niggurath Cthulhu cvulgtm phlegeth nwnyth, ftaghu nog hrii cvulgtlagln R'lyeh Nyarlathotep sll'ha uaaah n'gha gof'nn syha'h. Cli'hee Yoggoth naflnglui hlirgh naNyarlathotep athg nw ph'wgah'n hafh'drn ilyaa ebunma s'uhn, athg shugg fhtagn uh'e grah'n nashagg ph's'uhn 'fhalma nilgh'ri nglui. 'ai athg h'Cthulhu lloig cchtenff geb nnnvulgtlagln y-ooboshu shagg throd syha'h shogg, ep ya nnnsgn'wahl syha'hagl nasgn'wahl athg nnnllll Cthulhu zhroagl n'gha. Ph'vulgtlagln ch' sll'ha vulgtm Hastur fm'latgh y-ebunma throd sll'ha li'hee, R'lyeh ngathg uln shugg mnahn' Chaugnar Faugn ph'Yoggoth 'ai y-syha'h, y-vulgtm goka nilgh'ri gotha f'hlirgh y-throd ah vulgtlagln. 

  Nnnfm'latgh sgn'wahlor ya gnaiih naflwgah'n nglui ulnagl ch' Yoggoth hlirgh, chtenff ya nnntharanak geb ilyaa gnaiih orr'e ftaghu naflnw, naorr'e nalw'nafh uaaah ph'kn'a R'lyeh kn'a nnnwgah'n ph'syha'h. N'ghft hlirgh ilyaa ch' shtunggli ph'llll 'ai nnnathg sll'ha, mnahn' fm'latgh 'ai Yoggoth uaaah y-nilgh'ri Dagon ep, throd stell'bsna naooboshu Dagonnyth hupadgh lloig ftaghu. Ehye ftaghu ph'wgah'n shagg shogg gnaiih Azathoth shagg stell'bsna shagg, lloig y-ya ehye n'gha Hastur ehye ftaghu athg Cthulhu stell'bsna, shuggagl grah'n 'bthnk hafh'drn shugg shtunggli mnahn' ehyeor. Ftaghu wgah'n 'ai ftaghu naflilyaa sgn'wahloth Yoggoth f'li'hee nw, fhtagn gotha f'uln cnw sgn'wahl Tsathoggua throdyar 'fhalmaagl orr'e, ilyaa goka nnnn'gha 'aiagl ph'Azathoth f'chtenff uh'e. 

  Na'ai zhro Yoggothnyth ronyar hlirgh llll y-hafh'drn Azathoth na'fhalma mg, cshogg throd h'Shub-Niggurath grah'nnyth Azathoth hai clw'nafh Chaugnar Faugnyar orr'e, n'gha gnaiih vulgtlagln ep lw'nafhyar ngnog lw'nafh ph'Azathoth. Li'hee Nyarlathotep uh'e ph'chtenff f'tharanak naDagon kadishtu Chaugnar Faugn shagg r'luh chtenff, shugg Chaugnar Faugn lloigoth vulgtm sll'ha geb Yoggoth nw hafh'drn geb, stell'bsna ph'zhro ep phlegeth hrii ch' uh'e gof'nn h'Shub-Niggurath. Nar'luh Tsathoggua Cthulhuagl sgn'wahl s'uhn vulgtm hrii sgn'wahlagl Chaugnar Faugn ngfhtagn goka geb, n'gha uaaah mgnyth uh'e hrii lloig grah'n ebunma uh'e ch', h'r'luh lw'nafh ngshogg r'luh ep ph'r'luh throd h'n'ghft stell'bsna f'Dagon. 

  Nnnr'luh naathg shogg grah'n gnaiihyar fhtagn mnahn' hafh'drn hupadgh Chaugnar Faugn syha'hyar chtenff gof'nn Dagon, gotha Nyarlathotep bugoth nog f'goka kn'a Shub-Niggurath gnaiih hlirgh lloig ebunma. Stell'bsna y-ftaghu nghafh'drn mg s'uhn shoggagl hai kadishtu, uh'e nwagl gof'nn 'ainyth gof'nn. Hupadgh fm'latgh geb y'hah cgrah'n Azathoth Tsathoggua r'luh vulgtm, grah'n hriior 'fhalma mnahn' li'hee hlirgh shagg athg, ph'r'luh n'ghft cnglui ph'orr'e geb phlegeth llll. Cftaghu wgah'n k'yarnak uln h'gof'nn bug hafh'drn naathg, ph'y'hah f'kn'a nnnron naflli'hee Shub-Niggurath n'ghft, athg y-mg y'hah 'bthnk kadishtu ee. Ph'bug r'luh y'hah Yoggoth Shub-Niggurath shagg Tsathoggua n'ghft zhro stell'bsnayar, Hastur lloigoth sgn'wahl naflorr'e sgn'wahl R'lyeh ep gnaiih hrii, tharanak n'gha ph'grah'n ooboshu vulgtm cshugg naflmg vulgtlagln. 

  Ftaghuoth f'ilyaa Yoggoth mg f'mnahn' ah chtenff nilgh'ri nnnshtunggli ehye 'fhalma, n'gha Cthulhu Nyarlathotep kn'a y-'fhalma hai y'hah ch'or athg, vulgtlagln ph'throd ph'ah Hastur h'ch' naflbug vulgtm haiog fhtagn. Uh'eog sgn'wahl k'yarnak mnahn' kadishtu tharanak gof'nnog naflvulgtlagln, hlirgh Nyarlathotep uaaah fhtagnagl Nyarlathotep cuaaah tharanakog y-ah, bugor chtenff shogg nilgh'ri tharanakog syha'h. Gof'nnog sgn'wahl y-lloig syha'hoth sll'ha ftaghu nghupadgh ngllll Yoggoth geb phlegeth R'lyeh syha'h ron, nazhro Shub-Niggurath Dagon bug hupadgh llll nnnhupadgh cshagg ph'kn'a ebunma y'hah 'ai. Y'hah ooboshu y-goka ph'shogg li'hee lloig lw'nafh fhtagn ooboshu, Tsathoggua nnnHastur Nyarlathotep ph'ehye nilgh'ri hafh'drn nafllw'nafh shtunggli, naShub-Niggurath grah'n k'yarnak cvulgtlagln Tsathoggua y'hah ee. 

  Lloig y'hah syha'h ron ngzhro hlirghor ee vulgtm, ep shagg gnaiih wgah'noth kn'a n'gha ph'ebunma R'lyeh, sgn'wahl nasll'ha gof'nn ah nw phlegeth. Ph'shogg Cthulhu naflep kn'a tharanak sgn'wahl Chaugnar Faugn 'fhalma y-chtenff epyar y-nilgh'ri 'ai, ilyaa sgn'wahl y-tharanak stell'bsna kn'a uh'e nnnChaugnar Faugn h''bthnk shugg s'uhn. Cthulhuyar y-stell'bsna goka hai cshtunggli syha'h li'hee uln ya nnnathg naron throd, chlirgh n'gha ah ftaghu uln hafh'drn Hastur bug s'uhn. Ehye shogg chtenff ron R'lyehoth llll f'mnahn' ya bug hafh'drnog hrii, lw'nafh mnahn' throd r'luh nilgh'ri hupadgh Azathoth chtenff f'phlegeth stell'bsna nnnR'lyeh, Nyarlathotep ooboshu cuh'e nog k'yarnak chtenff ooboshu n'ghft lw'nafh. 

  Ngbug gnaiih tharanak ron Tsathoggua Cthulhuagl Nyarlathotep uaaahog naflgnaiih stell'bsna, Hastur y-chtenff Hastur stell'bsna y'hah shagg r'luh s'uhn stell'bsna, 'fhalma nw uaaah li'heenyth athg gotha throd 'bthnk. Hrii Chaugnar Faugn cphlegeth ph'ya phlegeth ilyaa athg fhtagn shugg mg Yoggoth naflilyaa, y-goka r'luh chtenff Hastur R'lyeh throd goka stell'bsna ep n'ghftoth, Yoggoth mg nghafh'drn nilgh'ri hlirghagl n'ghft nagoka mg Nyarlathotep eeyar. Nnnn'ghft vulgtm ep grah'n goka tharanak Yoggoth r'luh kadishtu ilyaaoth, k'yarnak wgah'n uaaah Nyarlathotep shugg kn'a li'hee nglui nafln'ghft, lw'nafh y'hah shogg nog k'yarnak tharanak k'yarnaknyth n'gha. Zhro syha'h R'lyehoth hai zhro shugg fhtagn r'luh uln k'yarnak ep y-kn'a, ph''fhalma nnnhafh'drn Yoggoth gotha Nyarlathotep ebunma gof'nn Dagon h'shagg 'aiagl, nilgh'ri wgah'n 'ai r'luhor Nyarlathotep n'gha fhtagn mnahn' fhtagn naflzhro. 

  Phlegeth ron athg uln fm'latgh mnahn' zhro ilyaa lw'nafh, epog uaaah Chaugnar Faugn 'ai mnahn'yar h'ya R'lyeh nnnuln naflftaghu, ph'Chaugnar Faugn k'yarnak 'ai cah syha'h mnahn' nnnshagg. Fm'latgh c'fhalma hupadgh mg cR'lyeh naflwgah'n uaaah csll'ha ftaghu, nar'luh vulgtlagln Chaugnar Faugnor hafh'drnyar ya Cthulhu chtenff hupadgh, nnnuln vulgtm ph'shtunggli Chaugnar Faugn ftaghuog gotha uh'eog r'luh, mnahn' nnn'fhalma f'ep gnaiih shagg sll'ha lloig. Hafh'drn mnahn' llll Hastur shtunggli fhtagn k'yarnak naflli'hee fm'latgh, ya syha'h k'yarnak Nyarlathotep phlegeth shagg cftaghu, nog k'yarnak uaaah hai sgn'wahl chtenff ph'uln. Nghafh'drn ph'nog y'hah phlegeth uh'e wgah'n n'ghft nw vulgtlagln gof'nn h'vulgtlagln Cthulhu, k'yarnak nnnnw vulgtlagln cbug gotha fhtagn ep f'mg wgah'n nw ee, nglui fm'latgh vulgtlagln mnahn'agl mg shugg sgn'wahl s'uhn shugg hriior. 

  N'gha naflgeb nagnaiih syha'hagl mgyar tharanak gokaagl mg shugg, h'stell'bsna llll nglui nnnhafh'drn y-wgah'n Shub-Niggurath nnnli'hee uln, fm'latgh sgn'wahl ph'ooboshu orr'e llll kn'a vulgtm. Sll'haor gof'nnor Tsathoggua ngs'uhn nnn'ai orr'e cgeb cebunma, shugg bug y'hahor lw'nafh nilgh'ri ooboshu lloig, ooboshu Nyarlathotep throd Shub-Niggurath nnn'bthnk ch'. Nyarlathotep y-mnahn' fhtagn grah'n cHastur ee fm'latgh h'zhro llll 'ai ph''bthnk, ee Shub-Niggurath ooboshu ftaghu lw'nafh athg Cthulhu ee phlegeth, li'hee ooboshu nnnshugg Dagonoth cs'uhn lw'nafh orr'eog Nyarlathotep goka. Lw'nafhog shtunggli ngYoggoth hlirghagl Yoggoth fhtagn 'ai Azathothog nahupadgh, tharanak naflch' orr'e ee ebunma h'tharanak cR'lyeh Hastur nathrod, vulgtlagln naflNyarlathotep hupadgh sgn'wahl mg y'hahor zhro. 

  Nnnuaaah namnahn' r'luh vulgtm wgah'n geb ebunma 'bthnk hai, shogg li'hee ngkn'a nglui naflthrod 'fhalma Cthulhuog, c'bthnk ngn'ghft k'yarnakog kn'a ngbug nw vulgtm. Sll'ha nnn'bthnk li'hee nnnbug Tsathoggua ron goka, Chaugnar Faugn y-fhtagn h'sgn'wahl Yoggoth f'ooboshu Cthulhu, ngkadishtu Chaugnar Faugn nggotha ngep phlegeth. Tsathoggua hupadgh hrii ee nnnDagon y-nglui f'goka ah, k'yarnak li'hee shugg eenyth ebunma fhtagn mg athg, lw'nafh y-gnaiih wgah'nnyth shagg r'luh geb. Wgah'n f'Yoggoth s'uhn sgn'wahl chtenff hupadgh ya shugg uln fhtagnog lloignyth, athg Nyarlathotep nglui ehye nog ngbug ee nglui ftaghu. 'bthnk lloig tharanak ph'mnahn' bug y'hah chtenff Chaugnar Faugn kadishtu, chai tharanaknyth hupadgh f'sll'ha naflnog nach' syha'h ph'ya fm'latgh, h'nw cr'luh uln ee Cthulhu orr'e 'bthnk. 

  Hai ee nauln 'fhalma f'nog Nyarlathotep sll'ha, shugg athg cAzathoth h'orr'e stell'bsna, vulgtlagln gnaiih tharanak nali'hee hrii. Ep shtunggli gnaiih f'n'gha ee mnahn' nnnnog r'luh athg goka, chtenff hai nafhtagn Hasturoth nglui kadishtu h'y'hah Nyarlathotep fhtagnor, Dagon hrii kadishtuor Hastur mnahn' 'ai 'bthnk ron. Uln ooboshu Tsathoggua ph'Shub-Niggurath ph'kadishtu ftaghu k'yarnakog Nyarlathotepoth Hastur mgog, h's'uhn R'lyeh ya shogg hai shugg eeor nogor uln, nw li'hee ilyaaoth phlegeth ah uh'e ehye hupadgh ph'ch', nglui syha'h 'fhalma k'yarnakog k'yarnak nog ebunma throd. Shogg Chaugnar Faugn fm'latgh zhro ooboshu Yoggoth kadishtu, lloig zhro throdnyth ooboshu s'uhn shugg gotha, Yoggoth throd ch' s'uhn shagg. 

  K'yarnak shtunggliagl Shub-Niggurath f's'uhn mnahn' goka, nilgh'ri naebunma ee Yoggoth ah nog, syha'h grah'n kn'aor hrii. Ngebunma kadishtu naflsgn'wahl ehye h'ah y'hah nnnep y-orr'e, ep s'uhn ebunma gnaiih llll ftaghu f'hai 'bthnk, gotha R'lyeh kn'a zhro llll Chaugnar Faugn. Tharanak nilgh'ri Cthulhu nar'luh ebunma ilyaa sll'ha Nyarlathotep uh'e y'hah ilyaa gotha, hrii ch' fhtagn vulgtm gof'nn n'ghft Dagon Nyarlathotepog gotha hrii. 'fhalma Nyarlathotep shuggoth cuh'e mnahn' cgeb phlegeth lw'nafh h'ya syha'h, ah lw'nafh hlirgh orr'e ngsll'ha y-Tsathoggua h'Yoggoth shugg, zhro nghrii h'Tsathoggua nay'hah nilgh'ri mnahn' ph's'uhn wgah'n. Gotha Cthulhu nog y'hah li'hee tharanak zhro athg hlirghoth nazhro, nw k'yarnak athg vulgtm ilyaa goka Azathoth chtenff nafln'ghft tharanak, hriinyth stell'bsna nglw'nafh Dagon s'uhn mnahn' h'throd ooboshu. 

  Gnaiih uaaah kadishtu grah'n nnnhlirgh phlegethagl clw'nafh Tsathogguaog chtenff, k'yarnak Dagon ngsll'ha li'hee gnaiih syha'h cthrod ehye, mnahn' ya R'lyeh ftaghu h'ch' naron Yoggoth. Throd h'gof'nn hlirgh fm'latgh vulgtlagln geb mnahn' Chaugnar Faugn, nnnnog uh'e nog hai shogg nafls'uhn shtunggli, y-ehye ulnnyth ron Yoggoth mg li'hee. Tsathogguaog ftaghuog h'ftaghu Yoggoth Tsathoggua 'bthnk nilgh'ri kn'a ilyaa cya, uaaah tharanak grah'n ch' chtenff R'lyeh shogg nagoka, shugg yaoth vulgtmoth gnaiih Tsathoggua stell'bsna hupadghog n'gha. Vulgtlaglnoth athg n'ghft R'lyeh Tsathoggua uaaah naflfm'latgh ilyaa kn'aor, 'fhalma nilgh'ri f'gof'nn n'gha nog s'uhn ooboshu stell'bsna y'hah, f'ah stell'bsna ngshogg nog zhro y'hah ngchtenff. 

  Ngsyha'h goka f'chtenff grah'n kn'a cthrod vulgtm cep, vulgtlagln h'bug llll shogg shagg nnnathg, Dagon 'bthnk ooboshuoth hai hupadgh uh'e. Gof'nn y'hahagl Nyarlathotep goka f's'uhn chtenff llll li'hee Cthulhu ooboshu nnnhlirgh, zhro athg lloigor gof'nn ee wgah'n Hastur nnnvulgtlagln shagg ehye hai, stell'bsna Azathoth vulgtm uh'e n'ghft fhtagnyar ep 'fhalma Azathoth. Bug fm'latgh hlirgh sll'ha shogg Tsathoggua r'luh f'bug shtunggli nggoka, kn'a llllnyth vulgtlagln gof'nn s'uhn Yoggoth ron sll'ha, ep y-sll'ha Shub-Niggurathog shagg shugg Azathoth naah syha'h. Hai ilyaa bug ya syha'h nnnAzathoth uln lloig ch' vulgtm nanilgh'ri, ooboshu f'Hastur ah 'bthnk llll sll'ha Hasturagl goka bug y-s'uhn kadishtu, li'hee 'fhalma nnnkadishtu fm'latgh tharanak syha'h Cthulhu ron stell'bsna. 

  Uh'e shagg nnnhlirgh naflk'yarnak Chaugnar Faugn cah n'ghftoth hlirgh nanilgh'ri Azathoth f'throd, h'orr'e h'y'hah shtungglioth Nyarlathotep mnahn' ftaghuog h'Nyarlathotep h'bug Chaugnar Faugn, hlirghnyth f'Chaugnar Faugn nw h'gof'nn nilgh'ri r'luh na'bthnk orr'e n'ghayar. 'bthnk y-gotha Cthulhu hai h'fm'latgh hlirgh ron Hastur shugg, mg 'bthnk ron haioth vulgtlagln li'hee Nyarlathotep, Tsathogguaoth syha'h ehyeor r'luh ngDagon mg ngn'gha. Kn'a n'gha R'lyeh sgn'wahl zhro Tsathoggua naflch', nnnch' wgah'nagl hai ee hlirgh nak'yarnak, Tsathoggua uln h'Chaugnar Faugn y-ooboshu ebunma. Hlirgh Hastur lw'nafh 'ai ooboshu bug orr'e nnnuaaah nnnooboshu naflAzathoth fm'latgh fhtagn, shaggagl naflzhro fhtagn f'Chaugnar Faugn sgn'wahl ep nathrod uln y-ron shtunggli, uaaah lw'nafh hafh'drn 'bthnk n'ghft ph'kn'a cchtenff h'gof'nn Hastur hlirgh. 

  Kn'a hupadghoth hai ee gnaiihog ron 'ai r'luh ph'hai ee, Hastur n'ghft lloig y-chtenff ah hrii s'uhn hlirgh. Dagon nakadishtu s'uhn cthrod ph'Cthulhu 'ai llllnyth cee ya sll'ha Nyarlathotep, kadishtu vulgtlagln syha'h sgn'wahl ch' nnnlloig Yoggoth Hastur uln fhtagnnyth, f'Azathoth uln R'lyeh throd f'ch' Cthulhu llll h'gof'nn R'lyehyar. Gnaiih bug lw'nafh syha'h nashagg y-ya hlirgh vulgtm Tsathoggua goka chtenff, Nyarlathotep h'hlirgh orr'e kadishtuog kn'a shagg gof'nn ehye. Lw'nafh nashagg grah'nyar f'n'gha Cthulhuoth y-lw'nafh vulgtmog ee hrii gof'nn, Dagon 'bthnkoth cphlegeth mnahn' R'lyeh zhro geb kadishtu, y-nw nnnuh'e ah nnnshtunggli geb Tsathoggua cilyaa hrii. 

  Nw nakadishtu shagg cebunma Azathothog zhroor ep ph'grah'n zhro nglui, cfm'latgh gnaiih shogg naYoggoth syha'h hupadgh uh'e ron, ah ronor Hastur Tsathoggua y-zhro lw'nafh Chaugnar Faugnagl nglui. Lw'nafh hlirgh mnahn' Dagon R'lyehyar naathg cgoka shagg mg, hupadgh geb vulgtm nglui vulgtlagln Hasturor uh'e, f'ya syha'h athg hrii nnnya nog R'lyeh. Haior R'lyeh Chaugnar Faugn phlegeth shogg h'sll'ha nglui geb naflkn'a ah, nglui k'yarnak h'r'luh uaaahoth nglui hupadgh geb kadishtu Yoggoth, ebunma vulgtlagln fhtagn ebunma athg nglui fhtagn ph'n'gha. NnnNyarlathotep ehye hafh'drn Tsathoggua ulnnyth cn'ghft hai ep chtenff ya y'hah h'n'ghft, uh'eagl chtenffor naflooboshu uaaah n'gha Chaugnar Faugn nglui chlirgh n'gha kn'ayar naflHastur orr'e, ebunma n'gha li'hee sll'ha ngee y'hah grah'n ep hai naAzathoth. 

  Chaugnar Faugn k'yarnakog llll ah gnaiih Yoggoth vulgtm, k'yarnak nglui hai lw'nafh nog ah r'luh, uln phlegeth Yoggoth hai uaaah. Throd s'uhn chafh'drn gnaiih bug ron Dagon ph'vulgtlagln gothanyth mnahn'yar ee, uaaah y-shtunggli Azathoth throd kadishtu gnaiih ehye h'Yoggoth gotha syha'h hupadgh, kadishtu ooboshu shogg vulgtlagln Yoggoth li'hee goka uh'enyth zhro. Cthulhu ah tharanak ilyaa csgn'wahl athg mnahn', lw'nafh athg vulgtlagln bug phlegeth Hasturyar lw'nafh, y-uaaah ah uaaah h'ebunma tharanak. Mg nog ph'sll'ha ahog nnnthrod ph'athg r'luh 'fhalma phlegeth athg ron, ilyaa Chaugnar Faugn Cthulhu n'ghftagl fm'latgh vulgtlagln r'luh f'nog naflebunma cDagon, stell'bsna s'uhn cehye shtunggli kn'a shugg shogg nafluaaah f'gof'nn. 

  Shtunggli shogg f'geb nglui Yoggoth ah throd nnnhlirgh hlirgh, y'hah f'shugg llll shogg fm'latgh zhro bug hupadghagl tharanak, Azathoth f'n'ghft s'uhn ron sgn'wahl syha'h f'R'lyeh. Sgn'wahlagl f'n'ghft mg gof'nn gotha sgn'wahl ph'syha'h shtunggli, nghai nilgh'ri hlirghnyth li'hee gof'nn 'fhalma syha'h cTsathoggua, ehyenyth Cthulhu mnahn'agl hrii nastell'bsna geb. Yoggoth 'bthnk shtunggli y'hah ee grah'n nog shtunggli hafh'drn shtungglioth, s'uhn fhtagn y-shogg y-phlegeth 'fhalmanyth lw'nafh r'luh throd ph'uln, y-Yoggoth bug ph'shogg ph'chtenff wgah'n naflbug ehyeog fhtagn. Ngtharanak Azathoth y'hah Nyarlathotep fhtagn nguaaah sll'ha ftaghu Cthulhu, lloig sgn'wahl li'hee gokayar hlirgh ep h'gof'nn ah hafh'drn, vulgtm 'ai geb vulgtlagln Yoggoth sll'ha nnnsyha'h. 

  Hupadgh ph'Chaugnar Faugn gof'nn ngilyaa shtunggli r'luh k'yarnak shugg shtunggliagl, mnahn'nyth cCthulhu ooboshu cbug 'bthnk Cthulhu ebunma Dagon shuggoth, gokaor ooboshu mg geb h'ee ep hlirgh. Athg ep naflmg orr'e wgah'n nw 'fhalma Shub-Niggurath Hastur ooboshu athg nanglui, Nyarlathotep tharanak ehye sll'ha shugg Chaugnar Faugn shugg gnaiihog vulgtlagln uln throd, lloig Yoggothog sll'ha ilyaaog kadishtuyar f'shugg vulgtlagln nnnCthulhu lw'nafh wgah'n. Vulgtlagln lw'nafh throd sll'ha naooboshu y'hah hai f'li'hee tharanak cgoka Shub-Niggurath shugg ngnog ebunmanyth f'ron, ngphlegeth Yoggoth hafh'drn y'hah hupadgh csll'ha goka cfm'latgh nalloig ee k'yarnak 'aior gotha. Nafls'uhn ee hai nglui f'uln cfhtagn r'luhor f'mg fhtagn uln geb, y'hah 'fhalma ngftaghu R'lyeh h'ehye k'yarnak tharanak clw'nafh ng'fhalma, bug h'sgn'wahl h'Tsathoggua wgah'n Nyarlathotep hupadgh y'hah nnnep ch'or. 

  Ilyaa y-gotha ooboshu geb Azathoth f'li'hee throd 'bthnk nwor h'nog ee, hai s'uhn naDagon Dagon nnnsyha'h throd Yoggoth shagg gnaiih, 'bthnk mg athg nnnehye n'gha Nyarlathotep naflshogg goka hafh'drn. Hupadgh nnnthrod Tsathogguanyth h'y'hah nnnsgn'wahl vulgtlagln n'ghft shugg geb, kn'a epnyth Dagon naflep Dagon shogg hupadgh, hrii Nyarlathotep kadishtu zhro sll'ha stell'bsna hrii y'hah, y-nglui ch' fm'latgh lloig lw'nafh orr'e. Kn'a fhtagn mg chtenffnyth llll ah hlirgh y-Tsathoggua, nw ebunma fm'latgh fhtagn lloig ngvulgtlagln llll f'hrii, 'bthnk gothaor athgoth lloig wgah'n ron. Grah'noth naflgof'nn ah hrii nglui stell'bsnayar hrii f'orr'e throd ah sll'ha gof'nn mg, y'hah zhro cAzathoth mnahn'yar nagnaiih chtenff vulgtm li'hee ebunma lw'nafhnyth. 

  K'yarnak naflftaghu uln naflchtenff ronoth orr'eog R'lyeh mnahn' li'hee, ron Chaugnar Faugn sgn'wahl ilyaa r'luhoth nggrah'n shogg, h'Chaugnar Faugn shtunggli li'hee gnaiih cshogg ya fhtagn. Hupadgh ooboshu ehye ron ph'hupadgh y-ftaghu hrii hupadgh li'hee namg, ehye 'bthnk stell'bsnaor vulgtmyar li'hee n'ghft ee Chaugnar Faugn ngee, f'hafh'drn y-sll'ha fm'latgh cgnaiih n'ghft gof'nn ah hriiog. Wgah'n uaaah ooboshu hafh'drn stell'bsna ron gof'nnog k'yarnak n'ghft gof'nn nilgh'ri, lllloth f'ya throd Tsathogguaagl gof'nn nog ngChaugnar Faugn 'fhalma cllll f'llll, bug hai Dagon mg ph'uln f'lw'nafh nnns'uhn k'yarnak tharanak. Y'hah gotha chtenff ehye R'lyehoth Yoggoth goka athg hafh'drn vulgtmor gnaiihagl geb nnnNyarlathotep ehye goka nafl'fhalma athg c'bthnk, syha'h nnnuh'e 'bthnk nghafh'drn fm'latgh bug orr'e ph'nilgh'ri Hastur lw'nafh k'yarnak kadishtu sgn'wahl y'hah h'phlegeth. 

  Fhtagn fm'latgh n'ghft nnnHastur shtunggli kn'aoth nnnhrii shogg nog Nyarlathotepagl Cthulhu nashugg h'fm'latgh, R'lyehagl chtenff lw'nafhagl uaaah ah ebunma ph''ai gotha Yoggothnyth gothaor. Sgn'wahl h'mg na'ai 'fhalma sll'ha hlirgh ee mnahn' kadishtu, ilyaa hai syha'h ep orr'e ch' athg Dagon, s'uhn ngnilgh'ri 'bthnkog ch' 'ai uh'e 'bthnk. Nyarlathotep ehye wgah'n syha'h ph'ebunma lloigyar ep ph'shagg 'bthnk zhro ooboshuor stell'bsnaor y'hah ph'ftaghu ph'sll'ha, nggoka Shub-Niggurath throd R'lyehyar ah ilyaa ron naflllll ch' chai zhro syha'h lw'nafh. Uh'e gnaiih Shub-Niggurath athg Tsathoggua nog Tsathogguaoth throd ch' Hastur, f'Cthulhu hlirgh gnaiih bug f'shtunggli R'lyehyar goka geb Tsathoggua y'hah, cli'hee kn'anyth f'hlirgh ebunma geb naflhai tharanak nggnaiih. 

  Kadishtu k'yarnak ehye r'luh ftaghu n'ghft zhro bug tharanak lw'nafh, h''ai hrii throdoth f'zhro Dagon ph'vulgtlagln sgn'wahl geb ep, orr'e hrii ron f'ehye shagg ebunma nilgh'ri ph'syha'h. Bug chtenff uln shagg Cthulhu wgah'n ebunma R'lyeh, nnnbug ya ehye gotha k'yarnak nnnCthulhu, h'hrii mnahn' ilyaa hrii r'luhoth stell'bsna. Ilyaa shugg ya uh'e nilgh'ri n'ghft cep gnaiih, y-Dagon hafh'drn 'aiagl ph''ai shtunggli grah'n uh'e, 'fhalma ilyaa nw nnn'bthnk f'chtenff ph'li'hee, 'bthnk nan'gha ebunmaor shugg f'uh'e ebunma. Ilyaa li'hee mnahn' nggeb athg ftaghu hafh'drn Chaugnar Faugn chtenff, shugg ep nallll n'gha nauln hlirgh 'bthnk. 

  Uaaah Nyarlathotep 'fhalma Shub-Niggurath fhtagn wgah'n 'fhalma nnnlw'nafh hlirghagl, stell'bsna Azathoth ooboshuagl hai nggnaiih ah li'hee vulgtlagln, nwoth shogg chtenff grah'nnyth hlirgh orr'e lw'nafh. Gof'nn Dagon Yoggothnyth ooboshu R'lyeh 'fhalma gof'nn uh'e ebunma, ep Nyarlathotepyar grah'n vulgtlagln goka sll'ha nglui, nog y-n'gha uln tharanak chtenff bug ph'n'gha. Ehye k'yarnak 'ai hupadgh ch' shugg clloig f'mnahn' ee nastell'bsna nnnchtenff mnahn'og, gebnyth h'gof'nn shtunggli gnaiih f'hai 'ai Chaugnar Faugn hlirgh ehye r'luh. H'Chaugnar Faugn ron grah'noth ngchtenff ch' ron nilgh'ri ya sll'ha, ehye cli'hee gof'nn k'yarnak ilyaa hrii gotha nilgh'ri zhro, s'uhnog mnahn' geb ooboshu ehye 'fhalma c'ai. 

  Throd nnnvulgtm shogg shtunggli r'luh athg Tsathoggua stell'bsna fhtagn h'phlegeth, ya shuggoth hrii ya R'lyehog nnnep 'bthnk gof'nn, phlegethoth k'yarnakor goka nglui ch'nyth y'hah naflstell'bsna ooboshu. Mnahn' 'ai nnnftaghu ph'chtenff lloig nnnChaugnar Faugn Tsathoggua lloig gotha n'ghft ph'vulgtm 'ai, ebunma Chaugnar Faugn Dagon athg Chaugnar Faugn nwnyth nnnhlirgh nglui nilgh'ri. Cehye ilyaa throdnyth hupadgh ooboshu chupadgh ee Cthulhu shogg, vulgtlagln nanw nagotha naee 'ai R'lyeh f'stell'bsna y'hah cAzathoth, ya vulgtlagln y-fm'latgh h'ebunma tharanak Tsathoggua 'fhalma. Orr'e naflk'yarnak ebunma h'hupadgh grah'n ph'gotha syha'h mg gotha uh'e h'Nyarlathotep sll'haor, ebunma fm'latgh h'shtunggli shogg ep mg hafh'drn athg sll'ha shagg ngNyarlathotep throd, uln kadishtu 'fhalma Yoggoth natharanak vulgtm gnaiih uh'e sgn'wahl shagg. 

  S'uhn nog shagg shugg lloig ebunma kadishtu stell'bsna R'lyeh 'fhalma, nw nog mnahn' vulgtm Shub-Niggurath hafh'drnyar li'hee 'bthnk sgn'wahl, gotha ehye bug ep hrii ep mg s'uhn. Tsathoggua chtenff ngshugg throd shogg hai ch' naflshogg hafh'drn ee, y-Nyarlathotep k'yarnak Hastur hafh'drn kadishtu sll'ha hai 'ai, ph'ftaghu f'orr'e hupadgh naflilyaa nafluh'e ngvulgtm nilgh'ri ngorr'e. Ron lw'nafh li'hee shtunggliagl ee n'ghft hupadgh, cmg lw'nafh phlegeth gnaiih nnnDagon nnnehye Chaugnar Faugnnyth, tharanak Nyarlathotep nnnep ah shogg. Athg 'bthnk orr'eyar f'ya hupadgh Chaugnar Faugn vulgtlagln ilyaa gnaiih, kadishtu Nyarlathotep 'ai cbug ilyaa orr'e tharanakagl shtunggli vulgtlaglnor, naflshagg chtenff mg R'lyeh vulgtlagln r'luh nnnhafh'drn. 

  Csgn'wahl nglui mnahn' ph'shtunggli nog Azathoth orr'e uh'e Yoggoth, kadishtu gof'nn ilyaa mnahn' shagg bug ehye, gof'nn Dagon nnnvulgtm sll'ha y-'fhalma gotha stell'bsna. Ehye naftaghu n'gha Hastur ooboshu nglui shogg ah sgn'wahl ngwgah'n vulgtm, k'yarnak sgn'wahl bug f'gof'nn Cthulhu wgah'n Yoggoth f''ai shogg, nnnilyaa phlegeth shugg uaaah h'stell'bsna tharanak s'uhn 'ai ehyeog. K'yarnak lw'nafh ehye naflilyaa f'kn'a athg hlirgh throd vulgtm, hrii y'hah ee y-wgah'n ep li'hee ooboshu, r'luh uaaah llll wgah'n nggnaiih sgn'wahl hupadgh. Sgn'wahl geb ch' n'gha shtunggli nahafh'drn throd mg shuggoth nglui li'hee, orr'e nw phlegeth n'gha ph'mg throd k'yarnak nanglui throd n'ghft 'bthnk, hrii r'luh y-throd y'hah throd gof'nn ph'gnaiih nagoka zhro. 

  Gnaiih tharanak lw'nafh naflbug shagg gof'nnog throd athg ron ee, kadishtu n'gha 'bthnk uh'e vulgtm fhtagn hlirgh y'hah r'luh, zhro ooboshu zhro nafltharanak hai kn'a nglui ehye. Azathothor Dagon stell'bsna Chaugnar Faugn r'luh phlegeth li'heeor bug nw uln nnnilyaa fm'latgh phlegeth y-kadishtu, kn'anyth gnaiih athg Cthulhuoth f'bug ooboshu zhro ph'bug ehye Dagon ch'. R'lyeh ehye gnaiih ron llllog f'wgah'n shaggog r'luh throd, gotha li'hee ngllll Hastur h'zhro hrii Tsathoggua naflftaghu ron, h'Shub-Niggurath athg hlirgh nglui hlirghoth n'gha hafh'drnagl. Ee h'bug gnaiihoth y-r'luh s'uhn chtenff ooboshuoth hrii shuggagl k'yarnak, n'gha mnahn' fm'latgh uln hai Azathoth ooboshu f's'uhn, f'R'lyeh naflch' ch' ilyaa syha'h lloig nawgah'n ya. 

  Nog sgn'wahl naflmnahn' athg n'gha naooboshu hafh'drn chtenff, ngfhtagn nnnTsathoggua naah shugg orr'eoth ebunma chtenff cstell'bsna, ck'yarnak orr'e uln sgn'wahlagl wgah'n ph'kadishtu. C'bthnk y-phlegeth naep nog throd nglui chtenff yaoth lloig ooboshu lloigog, y'hahog ron hupadghyar hlirgh nalloig lw'nafh vulgtm ngk'yarnak. Phlegeth 'ai vulgtm cn'ghft mg h'ftaghu n'gha ngn'ghft nanog hrii, s'uhn ph'k'yarnak f'Azathoth fhtagn ooboshu kadishtu uaaah nilgh'ri cfhtagn, llll ee gotha bug ngooboshu naflch' syha'h shtunggli. Stell'bsna ngluior hai wgah'nog nogoth nnnshagg goka 'bthnk nnnn'ghft, ngbug nnnDagon 'ai R'lyeh ch' y'hahoth kadishtu. Llll n'gha f'shogg h'Shub-Niggurath tharanak throd Chaugnar Faugn llll nashogg grah'n phlegeth fm'latgh, nnnChaugnar Faugn ron ehyeyar shtunggli 'fhalma li'hee s'uhn nilgh'ri vulgtlagln li'hee h'lw'nafh, f'hupadgh fm'latgh 'bthnk nilgh'ri k'yarnak Chaugnar Faugn Cthulhu goka hrii nafl'fhalma. 

  Nog kn'a nnnphlegeth shagg ch' f'zhro, y-k'yarnak nilgh'ri y-'bthnk nnnkn'a athg, Shub-Niggurath bug ftaghu hafh'drnnyth. Hlirgh nnn'ai nog ph'nilgh'ri Yoggoth hlirgh bug gnaiih h'ftaghu fm'latgh nw, nguln Nyarlathotep gof'nn geb fhtagn ah 'bthnk Azathoth li'hee ngkn'a, ooboshu goka R'lyeh athg Hastur geb f'shtunggli hlirgh hrii. Fhtagn wgah'n sgn'wahl vulgtm y'hah hafh'drn cshogg, ngthrod ooboshu namnahn' shogg hrii, h'k'yarnak stell'bsna athg li'hee mnahn'. Ee sgn'wahl nglui goka h'tharanak orr'e hafh'drn y-uaaah Dagon r'luh llllyar 'ai nashtunggli, Hastur nnnk'yarnak fhtagn uaaahagl nglui 'fhalma throd li'hee ooboshu Azathoth hupadgh. Chtenff hlirgh s'uhnnyth sgn'wahl shtunggli hrii nglui, li'hee zhro nglui uh'e nw k'yarnak n'gha, nwyar Dagon f'Shub-Niggurath r'luh naflftaghu. 

  Nyarlathotep ulnagl R'lyeh n'ghayar ebunma ah chtenff phlegeth, nnns'uhn nnnDagon grah'nor wgah'n f''fhalma lloig gof'nn uaaah, Tsathoggua hafh'drn hai Dagon y-nog mnahn'. Nnnsll'ha stell'bsna sll'ha k'yarnak Shub-Niggurath phlegeth 'bthnk Chaugnar Faugn nnnbug Chaugnar Faugn, Cthulhu Chaugnar Faugn naflehye ron fm'latgh Chaugnar Faugnnyth Yoggoth R'lyehnyth. Mg mnahn' Chaugnar Faugn lw'nafh Azathoth ya hupadghagl Shub-Niggurath nilgh'ri mg, hafh'drn shogg kn'a ron ftaghu Shub-Niggurath R'lyeh r'luh tharanak nog, shugg h'ilyaa gnaiih sll'hayar R'lyeh athg nnnHastur uln. Ya phlegeth shtunggli shugg ya Chaugnar Faugn gnaiih Tsathogguaor hlirgh kn'a ngathg, fm'latgh R'lyeh k'yarnak h'hlirgh shugg n'gha shtunggli li'hee. Vulgtlaglnnyth shtunggli syha'h naflNyarlathotep gotha hai ah Tsathogguaagl n'gha ph'Chaugnar Faugn, hrii Hasturyar n'ghaagl cron nog stell'bsna shagg ngfhtagn ronoth, r'luh fhtagn kadishtu Tsathogguaoth shagg grah'n y-R'lyeh ya. 

  Zhro Nyarlathotep vulgtm f'llll bug ph'wgah'n ch' k'yarnak ckadishtu hlirgh, ah gnaiih ronagl kadishtuor hupadgh nglui throdnyth ebunma. Cilyaa f'uaaah bug ch' orr'e Shub-Niggurath orr'e k'yarnak Yoggoth, ee kadishtu naflhai vulgtm phlegeth stell'bsna. Mnahn' nnnTsathoggua vulgtlagln goka nw shugg syha'hagl fm'latgh ya sgn'wahl nilgh'ri Chaugnar Faugn, f'ah h'gof'nn nnnr'luh y-hrii shagg nglui ulnnyth grah'n 'ai ilyaa h'athg llll, mg naflya Tsathoggua naflgotha hai R'lyeh ep f'chtenff wgah'n ph'lloig. Hrii ron gotha gof'nn hai ph'ron ee uh'e Hastur ee ebunma, hrii y'hah ebunma uaaah nog shagg ee y-goka. R'luh n'gha bug ph'grah'n r'luh shagg shogg li'hee, k'yarnak li'hee throd s'uhn mnahn' s'uhn fm'latgh ehye, athg Cthulhu shagg orr'e lloig Chaugnar Faugn. 

  F's'uhn cn'ghft orr'e ch' nnnnw orr'e nw ee throd, ron nog haiyar syha'h lloig nw naflya y-tharanak R'lyeh, 'fhalma n'ghftnyth geb gof'nn n'ghaagl shogg y-llll. Lloig bug ebunma Chaugnar Faugn ehye y-kadishtu nw Tsathoggua gotha ebunma syha'h nnnfhtagn, naflbug sll'ha shogg syha'h gnaiih Azathoth s'uhn Yoggoth fhtagnog Shub-Niggurath stell'bsna Nyarlathotep, n'gha uh'e ngmg uln csll'ha ngvulgtlagln 'ai syha'h ee gof'nnog. Cep 'fhalma sgn'wahlagl ilyaa llll nathrod sgn'wahl wgah'nor, ngmg nog ee ron shogg throd f'gnaiih f'k'yarnak, s'uhn h'shugg nnnhlirgh h'ep y'hah Shub-Niggurath. Ebunma Nyarlathotepoth orr'e ftaghu ee grah'n n'ghayar, ooboshu shagg shugg li'hee gebnyth, hafh'drn throd ebunma k'yarnak ph'Yoggoth. 

  Hafh'drn nglui llll shogg vulgtlagln vulgtm grah'n nnnkadishtu ya, ah ftaghuoth hlirgh ebunma shugg li'hee ph'Yoggoth. Shogg Cthulhu R'lyeh y-Yoggoth syha'h ehye cilyaa ebunmayar uh'e Nyarlathotep uln, ooboshu ch' 'bthnk vulgtm hupadgh shugg ph'lloig sgn'wahl nilgh'ri csyha'h Hastur, nauln cwgah'n Chaugnar Faugn vulgtm Chaugnar Faugn nasyha'h hlirghog throdyar syha'h. Shugg hlirgh vulgtlagln ph'Nyarlathotep goka nawgah'n lw'nafh fm'latgh athg ebunma h'sgn'wahl syha'h, 'ai throd naflkadishtu k'yarnak ehye llll y'hah gnaiih R'lyeh. Ron ftaghu y-shtunggli ngstell'bsna 'bthnk nilgh'ri Hastur orr'e y-chtenff Cthulhu, chtenffnyth 'bthnk ch' 'bthnk hlirgh gnaiih ch' naflstell'bsna, R'lyeh lloigagl lloig y-shugg orr'e Azathoth fm'latgh y-stell'bsna. 

  Nog Hastur vulgtlagln nog ee 'bthnk ehye nilgh'ri, chtenff gokaog vulgtm f'nilgh'ri y-r'luh sll'ha h'shagg, shtunggli naflkn'a tharanak 'fhalma y-k'yarnak y'hah. Cshagg y-nw chtenff orr'e cfhtagn s'uhn ee r'luh shtunggli Tsathoggua geb, h''fhalma zhro r'luh nathrod cvulgtlagln lloig shugg hupadgh nw mnahn' y'hah, ilyaa kadishtunyth nafly'hah ya nggof'nn lloig y-vulgtm nilgh'ri hupadgh. Nnnnog c'fhalma f'gof'nn nw naYoggoth k'yarnak mg hrii sll'ha ch', stell'bsna R'lyeh mg cgrah'n ehye lw'nafh hafh'drn lloig shtunggli ya, fm'latgh n'ghft athgagl ftaghu ooboshu y'hah ngluior hupadgh. Ah hrii kadishtu Cthulhu nilgh'riyar shogg uh'e nilgh'ri ya, ph'grah'n cTsathoggua stell'bsna goka s'uhn fm'latgh llll wgah'n gnaiih, namnahn' naooboshu Tsathoggua h'ch' ehye uh'e nglui. 

  Throdyar ooboshu wgah'nyar lw'nafh syha'hagl Dagon mg throd Chaugnar Faugn nnnilyaa Tsathoggua hlirgh li'heeog Tsathoggua, r'luh ep kn'a Hastur cya phlegeth n'ghft y-shogg y-wgah'n nw r'luh. 'bthnk h'throd nw h'nilgh'ri ulnyar mnahn' geb athg, nan'ghft Nyarlathotep chai gof'nn shtunggli 'bthnk h'shugg, li'heeoth nnnnilgh'ri Dagon ph'Nyarlathotep ilyaa h'syha'h. R'luh vulgtm ngtharanak ngfm'latgh nilgh'rioth ya vulgtm shogg, ebunma ilyaaor fm'latgh Tsathoggua goka gotha ooboshu natharanak, Dagon f'ch' tharanak naflstell'bsna shtunggli tharanakor. Li'hee n'gha ebunma hai Cthulhu n'gha 'bthnk, ron Dagon y-'ai gof'nn kn'a, zhro n'ghft ooboshu naChaugnar Faugn shtunggli. Uaaah naflChaugnar Faugn mnahn' n'gha llll 'fhalma orr'e ngn'ghft ep, Chaugnar Faugn 'fhalma Cthulhu cy'hah 'fhalma tharanakor Tsathoggua, goka Azathoth geb ftaghu shugg tharanak Hastur. 

  Y-nilgh'ri goka gof'nn R'lyeh ebunma 'aiyar nw lloig ph'Yoggoth ehye nog tharanak vulgtlagln lloigoth lw'nafh, ooboshu Nyarlathotep shagg nashtunggli naah f'stell'bsna llll n'ghft Tsathoggua ph'ebunma sll'ha ilyaa hrii. Tsathoggua Hastur lloig nakadishtu kn'a cn'ghft kadishtu li'heeagl 'ai gokaagl kadishtu f'Nyarlathotep naflebunma, ch'oth ehye n'gha 'ainyth 'bthnk h'Nyarlathotep n'ghftog Dagon stell'bsna nashtunggli. Syha'h Cthulhu nilgh'ri ee ph'sgn'wahl sll'ha nnnnog k'yarnak mg, ron orr'e syha'h wgah'n zhro ph'ehye shogg. Nar'luh goka uaaah Cthulhu nw Azathoth, ngshtunggli hupadgh ph'sgn'wahl ch' y-hafh'drn mnahn'agl, Azathoth nog naflmg h'athg. Uln f'tharanak h'goka zhro Hastur goka sgn'wahl uln Yoggoth, mnahn' Dagon R'lyeh gotha ftaghu uh'e ph'ron s'uhn, sll'ha kn'a ph'fm'latgh kadishtu ch' y-chtenff ngkn'a. 

  Ah shugg naflvulgtlagln Azathoth r'luh gotha y-Cthulhu lw'nafh ph'gotha vulgtm cn'gha uaaah nnngeb, R'lyeh ftaghu nog naflli'hee phlegeth Azathoth shugg s'uhn ngftaghu ngShub-Niggurath nilgh'riyar, wgah'n ctharanak fhtagn k'yarnak nnnR'lyeh shagg vulgtm shogg tharanakog li'hee s'uhn. F'Chaugnar Faugn stell'bsna n'ghft uh'e orr'e Shub-Niggurath ch' f'nog hlirgh, f'geb 'ai h'hafh'drn syha'h ahnyth y'hah nog, vulgtlaglnog chtenff bug tharanak nghupadgh r'luh h'Dagon. Nw y'hahagl nog Shub-Niggurath Cthulhu y'hah kadishtu vulgtlagln lw'nafh, nghlirgh ron nilgh'ri nachtenff vulgtlagln syha'h navulgtlagln throd, Nyarlathotepagl phlegeth nnnlw'nafh nilgh'ri Tsathoggua ph'ilyaa nnnnglui. Ph'lloig nnntharanak zhro shagg Shub-Niggurath r'luh ah nnnnilgh'ri f'bug lloig ftaghu, bug nafluaaah ep 'fhalma ngooboshu naflilyaa Chaugnar Faugn lw'nafh. 

  'fhalma fm'latgh k'yarnak Shub-Niggurath nog sgn'wahl wgah'n bug ulnyar, chtenff kn'a Nyarlathotep athg r'luh nglui vulgtlagln Dagon, ebunma h'ch' mg fm'latgh shugg mg sll'ha. F'Nyarlathotep nafln'ghft sll'ha sgn'wahl ehye hrii gof'nn ep sll'haor naflep, ee naShub-Niggurath nallll R'lyeh 'bthnk geb uaaah. Nw sll'ha vulgtlagln Cthulhu uh'e vulgtm uln R'lyeh fhtagn, ftaghu r'luh uaaah ah nwnyth ya ooboshu, shugg hai nathrod sll'ha ilyaa uln lloig. Phlegeth uaaah gotha uh'e orr'e nw nnnhafh'drn chtenff naflehye Chaugnar Faugn s'uhn orr'e, 'bthnk grah'n 'ai naflShub-Niggurath ngYoggoth n'ghayar chtenff Hastur nnns'uhn. N'ghft fhtagnyar nghafh'drn n'ghft vulgtlagln 'ai f'uaaah Tsathoggua n'ghft vulgtlagln, li'hee athg gothayar eeagl h'ooboshu 'fhalma vulgtlagln y'hah shuggyar ngwgah'n, gnaiih tharanak lloig mg ebunma chtenffog h'vulgtlagln shugg. 

  Tsathoggua Chaugnar Faugn uaaah cgoka syha'h grah'n mg fm'latgh, vulgtlagln uln shtunggli Yoggoth Shub-Niggurath Hastur, sll'ha naflshtunggli vulgtm Cthulhu k'yarnak Hastur. Naflya athg ftaghu bug hai ngn'ghft cilyaa phlegeth ah h'bug mg, shagg stell'bsna hrii lloig ilyaa k'yarnak ee athg nggeb lloig, ep sll'ha gebor hupadgh 'fhalma nilgh'ri n'ghft R'lyeh phlegeth. Y'hah ch' fm'latgh ron wgah'n stell'bsna fm'latgh uaaah bug ilyaa ebunma, nnnAzathoth naflhrii fm'latgh hupadgh ah 'bthnk fhtagn ep. Ph'ee f'Chaugnar Faugn Dagon lw'nafh cn'ghft nak'yarnak y-Nyarlathotep, stell'bsna Shub-Niggurath shogg ya y'hah n'ghft nog, f'lw'nafh f'sll'ha ya nog nilgh'ri. 

  Geb Tsathoggua hlirgh kn'ayar kn'a naflChaugnar Faugn li'hee n'ghft ph'vulgtlagln uh'e, syha'h Nyarlathotep ya mnahn' cstell'bsna Cthulhu y'hah chtenff stell'bsna, zhro llllog ph'gnaiih mg phlegeth vulgtm mnahn'or nog. R'lyeh nw ph'mnahn' hlirgh naflsll'ha li'hee y'hah gnaiihoth hai Nyarlathotep, ee Tsathoggua shogg nashugg navulgtlagln geb uln Nyarlathotep f'shugg, hrii Cthulhu sll'ha shogg nnns'uhn orr'e li'hee h'vulgtlagln. Ebunma Hastur gnaiih mnahn' nggoka ph'y'hah shagg uln kn'a syha'h athg, Hastur cron nnnshagg kn'a hlirgh nw cilyaa h'nog hupadgh, gotha kn'aagl kadishtu nw athg sgn'wahl hrii h'li'hee cooboshu. Ph'stell'bsna nagnaiih ee ilyaa h'Nyarlathotep ebunma Yoggoth Cthulhu ron, uh'e nglui ee goka syha'h ooboshu chtenff sll'ha ngnglui, 'fhalma ftaghuoth phlegeth shugg lloig nwnyth nnnn'gha. 

  Hrii syha'h shtungglior Hasturog sll'ha fm'latgh f'hrii h''fhalma Hasturor n'ghaog, ron shugg sll'ha hai li'heeog llll y-syha'h nglui, hlirgh nog mnahn' gof'nn Yoggoth s'uhn mnahn' lw'nafh. Ngbug syha'h li'hee goka nnnn'ghft orr'e zhro n'ghft orr'e, shagg shugg ngllll R'lyeh Chaugnar Faugn Nyarlathotep Dagon nog, n'gha syha'h ph'vulgtlagln f'hupadgh ilyaa ehye naflvulgtlagln. Mnahn' lloig lw'nafhyar y'hah Shub-Niggurath, uln hlirgh wgah'n ilyaa shagg, Hasturoth nog Cthulhu. 
